{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 T H E   M A T R I X   R E L O A D E D\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              Written by\
                       Andy and Larry Wachowski\
\
                                                         April 8, 1999\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 FADE IN ON:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Dark clouds below the inky remnants of the scorched sky. We hear  wind\
as we sail, like a glider, over the black atmosphere.\
\
We DIVE DOWN into the murkiness, through the clouds, into the   darker\
world of  the dead  surface of  Earth, the  desert of  the real.   The\
rotted skeleton of a massive city is sprawled everywhere. We  approach\
a fissure in the Earth's crust, and as we do, we hear the   increasing\
buzz of multiple hovercraft  engines. Blue flashes grow  in  intensity\
from the fissure. Radio voices,  indistinct at first, grow louder   as\
we approach the fissure.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              WOMAN (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
           "Six o'clock, 300 meters. We can't outrun 'em."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                               MAN (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
    "I know. Can't tow this crate fast enough! We gotta ditch it!"\
\
We hear the voices as though we're listening to cops through a  police\
scanner. The woman is NIOBE, the captain of the lead ship, Sephora.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              NIOBE (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
     "Can't, the core is still good. And they've got 'The One.'"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                               MAN (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             "Oooh, our savior. He\uc0\u65533 d better be worth it."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              NIOBE (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                "Shut up and make the exit. Hold on!"\
\
The azure glow  from the  fissure  is suddenly overwhelming.  A  tight\
convoy  of  three  HOVERCRAFT  explode  from  the  fissure,  traveling\
nearly straight up, like a   trio of massive locomotives flying   into\
the sky in tight formation,  linked together by tow cables.  The  blue\
glow has  been emanating  from  the  overworked flare  drives of   the\
first and third hovercrafts.  Between them, suspended by  tow  cables,\
is the dark, scorched,  and sliced NEBACHANEZZER. They  rocket upward,\
slowing as they reach the top of the arc.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              NIOBE (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Woo-hoooh!"\
\
The rush to the ground, pulling up at the last second. The NEB  flails\
wildly between them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                               MAN (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "They're still on us!"\
\
More vehicles fly from the fissure. A massive army of SQUIDDIES  pours\
up onto the surface.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. NEBACHANEZZER COCKPIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The NEB is slung between the two HOVERCRAFT, with the cockpit   facing\
backwards.  TRINITY,  MORPHEUS,  TANK,  and  NEO,  the  former  Thomas\
Anderson, crowd the cockpit. Helpless, the landscape speeds away  from\
them, while a wall of red-eyed SQUIDDIES speeds to them.\
\
It's been a mere TWO DAYS  since the realization of NEO\uc0\u65533 S POWERS   and\
the defeat of AGENT SMITH. The slipstream whistles violently into  the\
interior  of the  ship, and  the crew  is cold,  tired, haggard,   and\
stressed beyond  belief as  they can  only watch  the action in  their\
knocked-out ship.\
\
                      MORPHEUS is on a headset.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "Niobe, they\uc0\u65533 re closing."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "How many?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "Just a few. Maybe two or three. Hundred."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. SEPHORA COCKPIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
NIOBE, as regal as she is beautiful, sits at the controls of her  ship\
with her co-pilot, a younger female. All visible dials are redlined as\
they streak over the dark surface.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
               "You\uc0\u65533 ve got a gift for understatement."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. FREEDOM COCKPIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE  FREEDOM\uc0\u65533 S CAPTAIN,  a silhouette  in a  dark cockpit,  is flying\
blind. His cockpit is awash in the blue flares from NIOBE\uc0\u65533 S ship.\
\
His lieutenant, a shadowy female figure, reaches for the radar screen.\
As she does, we see her  bare shoulder fall into view, a  WHITE RABBIT\
tattoo is conspicuous.\
\
They switch their screens to the radar, squiddies right on their ass.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  MAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
       "Oh shit, we\uc0\u65533 re screwed. We gotta set down and EMP \u65533 em."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              NIOBE (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Too many!"\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. FREEDOM HULL\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
A racing SQUIDDIES  reaches the hull  and latches on,  striking up its\
cutting laser and ripping into the hull.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. SEPHORA COCKPIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                               MAN (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                 "They\uc0\u65533 re on me! Shit! Losing power!"\
\
NIOBE\uc0\u65533 S Lieutenant, a muscular Asian woman, Circa, notes something  on\
a console.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 CIRCA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "Multiple bogies closing!"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              "No shit."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 CIRCA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "From the front!"\
\
Niobe is grim faced as she peers into the sky ahead. Several  objects\
are closing in fast.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 CIRCA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "Are they - "\
\
She doesn't have time to finish the question, as the oncoming fighters\
launch a massive  volley of missiles.  From afar, they  look like dark\
irises  surrounded by  a corona  of flame.  At first,  we can't   tell\
exactly what they  are, until their  fiery trails rip  straight at the\
SEPHORA cockpit.\
\
CIRCA DUCKS as the missiles harmlessly streak by.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. NEB COCKPIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
A massive  swarm off  missiles blasts  by the  cockpit. The individual\
warheads  swerve  at  the last  second,  blowing  SQUIDDIES apart,  or\
casting them to the ground aflame.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. SEPHORA COCKPIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Niobe breathes a sigh of relief. Her lieutenant looks back up to see a\
wing of HOVER FIGHTERS - 'DEFENDERS' fly past their ship. Sleek,  with\
huge blue flares from their engines, they're gunship fighters armed to\
the teeth with missiles and laser turrets studding the fuselage.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "They're ours."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                          DEFENDER ONE (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "Hold on, folks, you're in for a little cleaning."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. THE SURFACE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The wing  of DEFENDERS  makes short  work of  the squiddies.  The half\
dozen clinging to FREEDOM'S hull  are picked off by well-placed  laser\
shots  that  turn  the  squiddies into  curdling  balls  of  slag. The\
squiddies that survive turn tail and run.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. NEB COCKPIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The crew of the Neb breathe a collective sigh of relief as they  leave\
the scene of aerial carnage behind them.\
\
NEO has been gripping an oh-shit handle on the edge of the cockpit. He\
relaxes his grip as their escape is clear. Their ship suddenly  enters\
a cave, and starts  to descend. The blue  wash of the ship  shows rock\
walls and pipes. The ships are slowing down as they descend back  into\
the earth.\
\
TANK'S shoulders drop, and he leans back into his chair.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "We're home."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "Well, not yet, but we're in the defense screen."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "What's that?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "A concentric ring of defenses that shields Zion. The fighters that\
              just saved us constitute the first ring."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              NIOBE (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "Neb crew, you can relax now."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
       "For the moment, perhaps. Its still a long drive home."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                                               FADE OUT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
and\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 FADE INTO:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
TRINITY'S  CABIN.  At  first  we  see  only  stars  twinkling, faraway\
diamonds on a black velvet background. The camera descends through the\
darkness, to a sunset, dark blue, as if just after sunset. The artwork\
terminates in the metal ring going  around her room. It's a much  more\
hospitable place than the rest of the dreary hovercraft. The  articles\
she's collected during  her time in  the resistance dot  the cabin. An\
unfinished sweatshirt sits on a loom. There are charcoal portraits  of\
loved ones.\
\
Softly lit, the cabin sways slightly. The NEB is still in tow. NEO  is\
sitting against the wall on Trin's bed, with her curled up beside  him\
with her head on his lap.\
\
Neo can\uc0\u65533 t sleep. He stares at the wall opposite him. There's a   photo\
of the crew of the NEB, sans Trin, in better days. Smiling,   laughing\
as they are  seated around the  table. Morpeus, Tank,  Dozer,  Switch,\
Epoch, Mouse. Neo stops on the image of a smiling CYPHER. There's   an\
unknown Asian man in the photo, looking withdrawn and a bit lonely.\
\
Gently,  placing  Trinity's head  down,  NEO stands  and  examines the\
photo.\
\
                             She awakens.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
           "I'll have to take that one down now. Cypher..."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Who is this guy?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Who?"\
\
                    NEO points to the mystery man.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                  "That was... I... forgot his name."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "What happened to him?"\
\
                          TRINITY is sullen.\
\
                         "He didn\uc0\u65533 t make it."\
\
  NEO returns to the bed and sits down, disturbed. Trinity sits up,\
                              awakening.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Was he like me?"\
\
                            TRINITY nods.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
      "Not you, though. Like you. There have been others, Neo."\
\
                         "Aren't you tired?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                 "No. I've never been a big sleeper."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "I know. I used to watch you hacking without sleeping for days."\
\
               He turns to her, questions in his eyes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                  "How many 'ones' have there been?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "That's not the point."\
\
                        NEO may not think so.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "You are him. You\uc0\u65533 re mine."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
               "But what does it mean, to be The One?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "I don't know, Neo. Our mission was to find you."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "So, now what?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
               "Now, Zion will give us a new mission."\
\
              The hatch swings open. MORPHEUS peers in.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
       "We're almost home. We'll need a detail. Five minutes."\
\
                 HE closes the hatch and disappears.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "Does he ever knock?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Not on his ship."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                                                CUT TO:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK, NEB\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The crew grips the bulkhead and fixtures as the swaying ship comes  to\
a rest. Outside, the sounds of hover engines fade away. Tank   unlocks\
the main hatch, then jumps as it drops, unpowered, slamming into   the\
tarmac with a resounding smash.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                                                CUT TO:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ZION TARMAC\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The tarmac  is a  busy, crowded  military airport,  with hovercraft of\
different  sizes  spread  across  the  lot.  Its  housed  poorly  lit,\
houses in a cave so huge  the ceiling is out of site.  Crewpersons run\
around,  servicing  battle-damaged   vehicles.  Munitions  are  carted\
across the tarmac on   robot rolling racks. No  one  pays the NEB  and\
its battered crew any mind.\
\
Nearby, the SEPHORA and FREEDOM  are parked. Their engines shut  down,\
and their powered hatches are open. The crewmembers are spilling out.\
\
NIOBE hurries to MORPHEUS' side, and he steps toward her, smiling, but\
their  military manner  is quickly  restored, though  they can  barely\
contain their grins.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              "Niobe..."\
\
              SHE shakes his hand, the shake slows down.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  "M."\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "Thanks for the rescue."\
\
   THEY close for a kiss, when the FREEDOM'S captain suddenly jumps\
                            between them.\
\
    It's CHOI - the NEO's supposed neighbor and hacking financier.\
    Exhuberant and oblivious, he joyfully gets in MORPHEUS' face.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Brough, you us your asses! We saved you so hard core you don't even\
                                know!"\
\
   NIOBE smiles at Morpheus and fades back as BOOTH shouts his own\
           praises. Morpheus turns to his less-mature peer.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
     "So, you think you finally found The One, huh? Another One?"\
\
  DUJOUR, CHOI'S LIEUTENANT, pushes into their conversation, looking\
                              offscreen.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "Idiot, we helped him find him. Hello, Morpheus."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Huh?"\
\
      He looks at what she's seeing. His gaze halts on NEO. He's\
  concentrating on TANK and his apparent girlfriend, who seems to be\
 consoling him. He turns to see CHOI and DUJOUR, does a double-take,\
                       and his jaw drops open.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "You?"\
\
                  CHOI is quick to resume his cool.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "In the flesh, so to speak."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
       "Welcome to the real world, Neo. I'm glad you're here."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
       "What do you think, Dujour? Should we take him with us?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "Definitely."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Morpheus?"\
\
 MORPHEUS turns from Niobe and  a Zion officer. He addresses  Trinity,\
 glancing at the others.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"Go on ship's liberty. Meet me in the Dead Duck at 21:00 hours, drunk\
                              or sober."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ZION STREET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
It's like a  valley floor running  between two gigantic  walls of rock\
that are  nearly vertical,  coming together  in an  elongated archway.\
Carved into the street level  are innumerable stores and shops,  above\
them,  apartments and  balconies that  rise to  the top  of the  arch.\
People  flow  through the  street.  Their clothes  are  homespun wool,\
denim, and leather. Dyes and  color are absent. Carved into  the solid\
granite  walls,  between  homes  and  around  windows  and  doors, are\
intricate and beautiful carvings.\
\
NEO is lead down  the street by CHOI,  DUJOUR, and TRINITY, and  a few\
other rebels. The push through a mult-culti crowd of people,  humanity\
melting into one race.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"See, man? This is home. This is the main street. One of \uc0\u65533 em, anyway.\
       Almost everyone is a fighter. Sometimes, even the kids.\
\
 THEY pass an outdoor workshop where youngsters are assembling small\
                              machines.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Our energy as a people is directed toward liberation. Check it out,\
                      here are some newcomers."\
\
  A group of frail, buzz-cut androgonites pass by them. They look at\
          NEO, recognizing him as one of them, a new comer.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "Where did they come from?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
     "Energy plant we raided on our last mission. There were some\
                             survivors."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             "How are their minds freed from the Matrix?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "With difficulty."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "If at all."\
\
They step into a club, Dead  Duck. It\uc0\u65533 s a sailor joint. Lots  of wood,\
beer on tap, and rum. Crewmembers of other ships recognize the rebels,\
greeting them, as they eye Neo.  They take a booth in the  corner. The\
waitress arrives.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                WAITRESS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
        "Welcome home, brothers and sisters. First day back?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "Yes, lovely."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                WAITRESS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                   "On the house, then. Four rums?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "Make it eight."\
\
        The waitress smirks and leaves. TRINITY turns to CHOI.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Any casualties?"\
\
                   CHOI lights up and takes a drag.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                  "Two. Sidewinder and Left-right."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "I can\uc0\u65533 t believe Cypher turned. Bastard."\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "He who loses faith..."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "Neo, we monitored your fight. Did you really gain enlightenment?"\
\
                             NEO shrugs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                "All I know is I kicked Smith\uc0\u65533 s ass."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"Fuckin\uc0\u65533  finally, Jesus Christ. It\u65533 s about time we iced that bastard."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
               "Yeah, we finally won against an agent?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             "I guess 1 \uc0\u65533 n 298 isn\u65533 t a bed record, huh?"\
\
               The drinks arrive. Tall glasses of rum.\
\
    CHOI holds his glass aloft. They raise their glasses to toast.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "Live free or die."\
\
                            ALL (save NEO)\
\
                             "Live free."\
\
They slam the rum back, and  slam empty glasses on the table.  NEO can\
barely manage to sip his.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "God, how do you do that?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "You\uc0\u65533 ve never drank before."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "Not for real."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             "You want to know what being The One means?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "What?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "One drink and you\uc0\u65533 re toast."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
             "Neo, you know what else you\uc0\u65533 ve never done?"\
\
She glances at  Trinity, who falls  back against the  seat, turning to\
suppress a smile. Choi cracks up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "Yeah."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "Yeah, you\uc0\u65533 ve never done it."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
       "And virtual doesn\uc0\u65533 t count, man, doesn\u65533 t fucking count."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "Well. I\uc0\u65533 ll drink to that."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "Here, here."\
\
This time, NEO follows the others and slams back the entire glass.  He\
coughs and sputters as his friends and bar patrons cheer him on."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. MAIN STREET, ZION\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The lights are dim, and only a few late night revelers stagger through\
the  streets  on their  way  back home.  Walking  straight and  calmly\
through the stragglers are MORPHEUS and NIOBE.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
            "So, how do you like having your own command?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             "It\uc0\u65533 s good. But trying. The responsibility..."\
\
           THEY stop before the entrance to the DEAD DUCK.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "You must be both mother and father to your crew."\
\
NIOBE nods, and looks into the bar. Inside, the crews are raging drunk\
and loud.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "Who will you be now? The mother, or the father?"\
\
              MORPHEUS peers in on the scene and grins.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "As long as they don\uc0\u65533 t get out of line, I\u65533 ll just be a brother."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. DEAD DUCK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
NEO is out of it, while the others are merely comfortably in the  bag.\
He\uc0\u65533 s acting like a kid who broke into his father\u65533 s liquor cabinet.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
        "So, you went back in, and you two pulled him out?"\
\
TRINITY nods,  herself in  disbelief. NEO  picks his  head up  off the\
table.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "Kicked... kicked Smith\uc0\u65533 s ass."\
\
           CHOI eyes MORPHES and NIOBE coming toward them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
     "Hey, did you kick anybody else\uc0\u65533 s ass, Neo? Like Morpheus?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             "Morpheus? Yeah, I smacked him around, too."\
\
MORPHEUS arrives just  in time to  hear the last  part. He stands  and\
grins down at NEO.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                 "So, you can smack me around, Neo?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "Oh yeah. Anytime."\
\
MORPHEUS taps him on the forehead. NEO blinks and falls back into  the\
booth. He stands before them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "How\uc0\u65533 s Tank?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "He\uc0\u65533 s on bereavement leave with his mother. Dozer was the second son\
                       she\uc0\u65533 s lost in this war."\
\
                    His comments set a sober tone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "The Nebechanezzer is out of commission for at least a month. But,\
                    that\uc0\u65533 s not giving us a rest."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
         "Let me guess. We\uc0\u65533 ve been ordered back out anyway."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Yes. This is another special op. I\uc0\u65533 m in command, Niobe and Trinity\
             are team leaders. Neo is our secret weapon."\
\
     FLASH TO: NEO, passed out with his mouth open on the couch.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "We don\uc0\u65533 t know exactly what he\u65533 s capable of. He may be just tapping\
his potential, or he may have already reached it. We are to learn from\
                      him, as he does from us."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"Why are we always getting screwed? Not only do I have to go straight\
           back into the shit, but I lose my command, too?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"You\uc0\u65533 ve been assigned to this mission because you\u65533 re the best, Choi."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Yeah, and headquarters thinks you might be able to whine the agents\
                              to death."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Oh my God that\uc0\u65533 s so funny. My point is, don\u65533 t we need some r-and-r?\
Unwind a little? We lost two crew on the last one, you lost like five,\
   right? Shit. I\uc0\u65533 m glad we found Mr. Invincible, here, but Jesus..."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
            "You don\uc0\u65533 t have to go, Choi. Volunteers only."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
        "He\uc0\u65533 s got a point, M. I have faith, but why so quick?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "We have a chance, here, but the window of opportunity is brief. Our\
 ships say the Matrix is already upgrading and re-coding to block our\
                          entry. And Neo\uc0\u65533 s."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"Fuck. Every fucking time we get another \uc0\u65533 one,\u65533  this is what they do."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "He is the One."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             "You haven\uc0\u65533 t lost the faith, have you Choi?"\
\
        CHOI grabs a half-filled rum glass and swigs it down.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Well, these are the times that try men\uc0\u65533 s souls. Here\u65533 s to victory."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. TUNNEL\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The FREEDOM hovers  slowly, silently, like  a submarine as  it cruises\
through  the murky  depths. It  suddenly comes  to a  quiet stop,  and\
descends. The engines fade out, and the vessel rests, darkened, on the\
cave.\
\
A quartet of  SQUIDDIES slips by.  We follow as  they worm their  ways\
through  the  twisted passageway,  watching  as they  pass  the bubble\
cockpit by mere feet.\
\
FREEZE on the cockpit. Within the shadows we see Morpheus and Choi  at\
the controls.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. FREEDOM COCKPIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
           They watch the SQUIDDIES fade into the distance.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "Power up. Sleep mode."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "Aye aye, capitano."\
\
MINIMAL cockpit displays turn on, and the cabin remains dark.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The ship\uc0\u65533 s OPERATOR, a lean Asian  kid with a gaze like a  laser scan,\
sits behind  NEO, who\uc0\u65533 s  sitting at  the operator\u65533 s  console with  his\
hands on the abbreviated keyboard. Trinity sits with them, her feet up\
as she observes.\
\
NEO  stares  at  the  screen. It\uc0\u65533 s  a  huge  syllabus  of Matrix  code\
characters. He struggles to learn the complex code.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "Ka equals 9. But reverse Ka is point-nine, right?\
\
                             RAZOR nods.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "You catch on quick, man."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"I know these symbols from the hacking trainer. But how come it\uc0\u65533 s so\
                 hard to find them on the keyboard?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"Your brain knows what to do. But it has to associate characters with\
                             your body."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"It\uc0\u65533 s muscle memory, Neo. Think of the space bar and your thumbs nail\
it. Because your thumbs have hit the space bar millions of times. But\
think about reverse \uc0\u65533 ka,\u65533  and your fingers don\u65533 t hit automatically hit\
            the reverse key and the \uc0\u65533 ka\u65533  key in one shot."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             "Where did these symbols come from, anyway?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"Most of it is from the old Japanese. It\uc0\u65533 s Katakana. See, the machines\
 aren\uc0\u65533 t binary. No zero and one. They\u65533 re quantum-based, so instead of\
   an open-close base of zero or one, open or closed, they use all\
                    numbers between zero and one."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"All numbers between zero and one. That could be an infinite number of\
                              numbers."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "Not could be, it is."\
\
                          NEO is astounded.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
            "Holy shit. How many calculations per second?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"How many CPS? Well, that\uc0\u65533 s kind of hard to estimate. Put it this way:\
 picture all the particles in the known universe. Not just atoms, but\
              sub-atomic particles that compose atoms."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"OK. At last count that was what, a gazillion, right? Two gazillion?"\
\
                   RAZOR barely smiles at the joke.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "Well, it\uc0\u65533 s up there. In any case, the number of calculations per\
second the Matrix can perform is greater than the estimated number of\
                  particles in the known universe."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "Woah."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "That\uc0\u65533 s how they have the operating power to create entire worlds\
                          within their PCs."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "OK. That\uc0\u65533 s why it looks like reality. They have the computing power\
                      to create entire worlds."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "Right."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "So, if we hack into the Matrix, why can\uc0\u65533 t we just change the code\
                         while we\uc0\u65533 re at it?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "No, no. See, it\uc0\u65533 s not that simple. The machines, the programs that\
 code, create, and maintain the Matrix, the agents, they are code.\
    There are different types of agents, many work unseen with no\
interaction in the matrix. Then, there are the enforcers, the ones we\
                         know all too well."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "Right."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Well, my point is, the machines code and recode the Matrix by pure\
will. Interaction with the Matrix, the physical act of being there,\
 by default, allows people to change their environment - the Matrix.\
            They move objects, make sound, affect cause."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "Like reality."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "Almost. Reality is unalterable. But the fabric of reality in the\
   Matrix can be rewoven. Some can reach beyond normal cause. Their\
 affects on the Matrix are deeper than average. They have learned to\
change it according to their needs. But they don\uc0\u65533 t have total control.\
That\uc0\u65533 s why we need operators like Razor here. But you, you go further\
                         than any of us can."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
                                "How?"\
\
RAZOR stands  and taps  Neo\uc0\u65533 s skull.  He stretches,  grabs a  Japanese\
style  wooden  sword, and,  out  of boredom,  starts  performing slow,\
precise Kendo moves around the main deck as he talks.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"The equipment you carry up here. You\uc0\u65533 re a freak. A good freak. You\u65533 re\
  neural kinetics blast past those of average humans. This, combined\
   with your ability to suspend disbelief, allow you to change the\
                       reality of the Matrix."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                   "How did I end up as... a freak?"\
\
             RAZOR practices the same strike a few times.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "Good question. The Machines create people through cloning, since,\
obviously, no coppertops have physical sex. Theoretically, all clones\
  in the Matrix are exactly the same as when the first clones. They\
         shouldn\uc0\u65533 t be any different from normal, homegrowns."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                   "OK, so how do you explain me?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
      "Not just you. Morpheus, myself. We were all born inside.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                "Well, what separates us from others?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"For the past 50 years or so, something has been happening to children\
 in the Matrix. They\uc0\u65533 ve been mutating, changing in ways the machines\
   never predicted. Some seem to gain faster reflexes and strength.\
                 Others seem to have psychic powers."\
\
RAZOR looks up to see MORPHEUS,  hanging back as he listens. He  comes\
forward.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "And others are able to change the reality of the Matrix itself."\
\
                          HE points to Neo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "Discussing history, are we?"\
\
                        RAZOR shakes his head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "I\uc0\u65533 m trying to teach this fool some programming, man. He\u65533 s stuck in\
     the 20^th century. He\uc0\u65533 s got no skills, man. Without us, he\u65533 s\
                              helpless."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
            "In the Matrix, without him, we\uc0\u65533 re helpless."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
         "Morpheus, can you tell us what the mission is now?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "Not until we reach broadcast depth. It\uc0\u65533 s slow going out there. I\
guess they know we\uc0\u65533 re coming back, so they\u65533 re patrolling. We have time\
                         to rest and ready."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. MOUNTAIN TOP, LATE DAY (CONSTRUCT)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
TRINITY sits alone on the tip of an impossibly high finger of rock. It\
looks like it sits on the rooftop of the world. All around her, as far\
as the eye can see, lie mountains. Their snow-capped peaks are pink in\
the sunset light.\
\
She looks into the sunset. Heavy thoughts weigh on her mind.\
\
A hand appears on her shoulder. It\uc0\u65533 s NEO. How he got on the finger  of\
rock is anyone\uc0\u65533 s guess.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Boo."\
\
TRINITY grins slightly and pulls on his arm. There is only enough room\
for one on the end of the rock, so he sits down behind her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "Don\uc0\u65533 t lose your balance."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "It doesn\uc0\u65533 t matter if I do."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "So, you can fly."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Yes."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "Do you think I can?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
       "I think you can do anything you want, if you believe."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Like you?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
         "I don\uc0\u65533 t know. I don\u65533 t know exactly what I can do."\
\
                         TRINITY half turns.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "Will you teach me to fly?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "I don\uc0\u65533 t know if I can."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "Free your mind of doubt."\
\
NEO stands, and steps in front of TRINITY. He\uc0\u65533 s on the very, very edge\
of the rock.  He extends his  hand down to  her. She grabs  it, and he\
hauls her up. Her eyes dart to the ground, thousands of feet below the\
finger.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "In this construct program, the ground can kill."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "I won\uc0\u65533 t let you fall. Ever."\
\
THEY look  into each  other\uc0\u65533 s eyes.  Despite the  trauma they\u65533 ve  been\
through, and not even truly knowing one another, there\uc0\u65533 s a connection.\
\
NEO suddenly backs away. He walks on the air with perfect traction, as\
though he\uc0\u65533 s on an invisible plane of glass. He leaves TRINITY standing\
precariously on  the edge,  wobbling a  bit as  she maintains  balance\
against  nerves.  She  breathes  deep,  and  looks  back  up  at  NEO,\
maintaining her cool even as she eyes the spectacle.\
\
NEO stands a few  feet away from her,  completely at ease as  the high\
altitude winds ruffle his hair.\
\
NEO extends a hand to her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"It\uc0\u65533 s not real, Trinity. You\u65533 re not standing there. Step out. I can do\
                          it. You can, too."\
\
\
With one last  glance at the  infinite drop, she  steadies herself and\
stares straight into his eyes. Blue meet brown. Breathless, she  steps\
straight out.\
\
She takes one step in the  air. For a breathless second, as  she steps\
off the edge,  she is stable.  When she takes  her foot off  the edge,\
though, she sways,  and her foot  slips, as though  she\uc0\u65533 s on a  greasy\
surface bobbing up and down. She corrects herself, tries another step,\
sags further.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "Shit."\
\
SHE glances down, then locks eyes with NEO. Then drops like an anvil.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              "Whoops."\
\
HE  dives down,  shooting like  a missile.  TRINITY is  calm, falling\
backwards, watching NEO  come for her.  The rocky ground  looms behind\
her. She makes no effort to reach for NEO as he draws close to her. HE\
reaches for her with all his might.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              "Grab me!"\
\
TRINITY makes no effort to save herself, even as collision is  seconds\
away. She stares at him intently.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "Grab on to me!"\
\
SEEING she is doing  nothing, he goes beneath  her and scoops her  up,\
Superman  style.  He  barely accomplishes  this  before  he slows  and\
settles onto the rocky ground.\
\
They are in a twilight glade shaded by the mountains.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                   "What the hell were you doing?"\
\
         TRINITY smiles slightly. Her madness has a purpose.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "Showing you, Neo."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
        "Showing me what? You nearly gave me a heart attack."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "I want you to know how much faith I have in you."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "Oh. And this requires acts of insanity?"\
\
TRINITY smiles. She looks him up and down. She moves intimately close.\
\
                    "So, you really are Superman."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "Only when I\uc0\u65533 m plugged in."\
\
 TRINITY steps away. NEO grabs her shoulder and turns her to him. He\
                              attempts a\
\
     kiss, but she turns her face, letting it land on her cheek.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "What?"\
\
              TRINITY looks at him, then up at the sky.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                   "It\uc0\u65533 s not you. Just, not here."\
\
           NEO doesn\uc0\u65533 t understand. TRINITY rolls her eyes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "They\uc0\u65533 re watching us, you big dope. Do you know how horny computer\
                             geeks get?"\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN BRIDGE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
CHOI,  RAZOR,  DUJOUR, and  CIRCA  are sitting  around  the operator\uc0\u65533 s\
console, feet up, eating. On the screens are patchy images of  TRINITY\
and NEO standing together in  the GLADE. It\uc0\u65533 s like they\u65533 re  watching a\
soap opera.\
\
TRINITY and NEO are looking in their direction.\
\
ON THE interface chairs, the bodies of TRINITY and NEO lay supine.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. GLADE (CONSTRUCT)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    TRINITY grabs NEO by the arm.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Over here."\
\
                   SHE leads him into the shadows.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN BRIDGE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE VOYEURISTIC crewmembers collectively groan as the lovers disappear\
off the screen and into the darkness.\
\
RAZOR puts his hand on CIRCA\uc0\u65533 S shoulder and sighs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "So romantic."\
\
CIRCA calmly pats his hand and removes it, holding it in front of him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 CIRCA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
    "I\uc0\u65533 m sure Mary Palmer will appreciate your mood more than I."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. GLADE (CONSTRUCT)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
IN the blue twilight shade, NEO and TRINITY kiss tentatively,  slowly,\
then quicker as  they give in  to their feelings  for one another.  WE\
move around them slowly, then pan into the shadows, a natural fadeout.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. OFFICE (MATRIX)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
AGENTS  JONES and  BROWN sit  across from  each other,  a steel  table\
between them.  They stare  at each  other for  what seems  like a long\
time. There is a speaker phone in the middle of the table amidst  neat\
stacks of file folders.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "Our defeat is worrisome."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                  "As is the loss of our colleague."\
\
  THEY ARE BOTH seething with anger. AGENT JONES grinds his molars.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
            "We can\uc0\u65533 t defeat them. You saw what happened."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "We have a backup copy of Agent Smith..."\
\
 JONES stands and walks toward the massive panoramic window. The city\
                         spreads before him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"A backup is not good enough. We need to upgrade ourselves to meet the\
                             new threat."\
\
                   BROWN opens a large file folder.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "He\uc0\u65533 s being rebuilt. But I have an alternate plan. Why fight the\
             humans, when we can let them fight for us?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "The terrorists have learned to bend our reality in ways we cannot.\
                  This was the cause of our defeat."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Mr. Thomas J. Anderson is not unique. Over the decades, many humans\
 have developed... techniques for manipulating the Matrix. Techniques\
     too primitive for us to understand. Most never realize their\
potential, but all the ones we\uc0\u65533 ve noticed exhibiting these talents are\
                           recorded here."\
\
ANGLE ON the book as BROWN flips through. Street shots of people  from\
all walks of life. Young rebels, corporate suits, junkies, housewives.\
\
                     JONES turns on AGENT BROWN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "Do you have anyone in mind?"\
\
ANGLE ON the book. It stops  on a page dedicated to someone  who looks\
like NEO, but with long hair and an extremely bad attitude. There  are\
photos of him on  a motorcycle with a  blonde, photos of him  drinking\
with his gang friends.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "Gregory Lowfield. He exhibits the traits we saw in Mr. Anderson."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                           MAN\uc0\u65533 S VOICE (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "Mr. Anderson no longer exists. Our enemy now is the one called...\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                NEO."\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                           ANGLE ON: THE DOOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
AGENT SMITH walks in, grinning. There  is a new swag to his  walk, and\
his hair is longer, tied back.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "You\uc0\u65533 ve been recreated."\
\
SMITH flexes his arm, examines his hands, and feels his hair.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "And you have more hair."\
\
SMITH turns to him, examines the photos on the table. They lock  eyes.\
On  the same  wavelength, they  transfer knowledge  without speaking.\
SMITH looks at the photo on the table.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
    "I know what you\uc0\u65533 re thinking. What we need is our own Neo..."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "If it\uc0\u65533 s possible."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "I\uc0\u65533 ll make it possible."\
\
WE ZOOM in on the grainy photo of NEO\uc0\u65533 s doppledanger. Quiet at  first,\
growing  louder as  it grows  dark, we  here the  rumble and  roar of\
motorcycles.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. DESERT HIGHWAY (NIGHT)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
FAR OFF  in the  distance, the  glow of  motorcycle headlights  racing\
toward us. As we zoom out and focus in, they are already too close  to\
avoid.  They  rip  by  us, thundering  explosions  and  men  and women\
cheering.\
\
THE pack of about ten bikers and their women don\uc0\u65533 t wear helmets.  They\
fly down the highway using both lanes, drinking and driving with total\
abandon.\
\
\
ANGLE ON the lead  motorcycle, a massive, custom-made  Harley. GREGORY\
LOWFIELD, Thomas J. Anderson without  a desk job, without cares,  revs\
his bike and locks  the accelerator. He hands  his beer to the  blonde\
who rides behind him, then, in one swift motion, jumps up on his seat,\
leaning into the slipstream.\
\
                       The feat is IMPOSSIBLE.\
\
HIS GIRLFRIEND,  CHANDRA, screams  at him  as she  grasps the seat and\
lowers herself to the bike.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                CHANDRA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "Greg, are you fucking crazy?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  GREG\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "Yes. But don\uc0\u65533 t worry."\
\
She clings to  his legs as  they barrel down  the highway. They  blast\
pass a darkened cruiser.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. CRUISER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The cop sets his paper down just long enough to catch a glimpse of the\
pack exploding down the highway, with GREGORY surfing his bike.\
\
ANGLE ON: the radar gun. It\uc0\u65533 s flashing 125 MPH\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  COP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "Holy shit. Drunk ass punks."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. HIGHWAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
GREGORY is facing us as he  drops back into his seat, taking  his beer\
on cue from CHANDRA. Behind them, the cop\uc0\u65533 s lights flare up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "Oh boy. Stop, stop, let\uc0\u65533 s have some fun."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. COP CAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
WE look  through the  windshield as  the cop  drives down the highway,\
calling in his  stop-vehicle report. He  suddenly sees something  that\
makes him slam on the brakes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  COP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Holy shit!"\
\
ANGLE THROUGH the  cop\uc0\u65533 s windshield. The  ten bikers, with  GREGORY at\
their center, are  parked in the  middle of the  road, looking at  him\
casually."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ROAD\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE cruiser comes to  a stop mere inches  from GREGORY\uc0\u65533 S leg. The  COP\
bursts out of the door.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  COP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "What the hell are you doing?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "We\uc0\u65533 ll tell you when to stop, little man. Not the other way around."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  COP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "Fuck."\
\
HE DIVES back into his cruiser, reaching for the radio. GREGORY  pulls\
a huge silver .44 from his jacket and FIRES. The cruiser\uc0\u65533 s antenna  is\
blown off at the  base, and the nine-foot  whip flips onto the  ground\
with a metallic clang.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. CRUISER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The COP is  lying half-on the  seat, taking cover.  The handset relays\
only static. He reaches for his gun, but is frozen by Gregory\uc0\u65533 s voice.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "Don\uc0\u65533 t try anything stupid, man. I gotta bead on your donut-eating\
                                ass."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. CRUISER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                 The cop comes out with his hands up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  COP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "Whaddya want with me?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"I don\uc0\u65533 t know. I just thought I\u65533 d find out what you wanted without you\
                shooting at me. So, what do you want?"\
\
THE COP is a tough one. Far taller than GREGORY, muscular and serious.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  COP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "You\uc0\u65533 re all under arrest."\
\
THE PACK explodes with laughter. GREGORY walks up to the policeman and\
circles him, keeping the gun pointed in the business direction.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "This is your lucky day, officer. We\uc0\u65533 re gonna give you a night off."\
\
CHANDRA walks up to him. Seductively, she hands him the bottle of hard\
liquour.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                CHANDRA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "Drink."\
\
WHEN  he  pauses,   GREGORY  places  the   gun  against  his   temple.\
Reluctantly, the big cop starts to gulp down the alcohol.\
\
GREGORY lowers the gun. He and CHANDRA return to their motorcycle.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "You never even saw us, man."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                CHANDRA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Keep the bottle."\
\
THEY start their bikes and are gone, like ghosts, into the shadows  of\
the road.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                                                CUT TO:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. BEACH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
A CAMPFIRE blazes only a few  feet away from the high tide.  A billion\
stars shine overhead as GREGORY and his biker gang, including the cop,\
sit or  lie around  the fire.  A few  people are  still awake, and one\
picks drunkenly at a guitar.\
\
GREGORY stands,  throws a  blanket over  his shoulder,  and scoops  up\
CHANDRA. They make their way into the dunes.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. DUNES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
GREGORY  and  CHANDRA  lie  on  the  blanket,  staring  at  the   sky.\
Inexplicably, GREGROY holds a hand toward the sky.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "Which one do you want?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                CHANDRA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "Any one. It doesn\uc0\u65533 t matter."\
\
WITH his hand pointed lazily at the sky, a single star starts  glowing\
stronger  and stronger.  It vibrates,  then fades  suddenly and  comes\
loose from the sky, and becomes a meteorite, burning across the sky.\
\
        CHANDRA draws closer to him, enraptured by his power.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                CHANDRA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "How do you do it, Gregory?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "I don\uc0\u65533 t know. Sometimes it feels like... I\u65533 m reaching beyond the\
                               world."\
\
HIS hand drops and his head turns. He sits up, startled by something.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                CHANDRA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "What is it?"\
\
            GREGORY holds up a hand for her to be silent.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                 "They found us. Can\uc0\u65533 t you hear it?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                CHANDRA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "What? I don\uc0\u65533 t hear anything."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "We can only rebel so long. We can only push until they will hit\
                                back."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                CHANDRA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "They? The Men in Black?"\
\
CU on GREGORY. In the distance, the faintest sound of a helicopter can\
                      be heard, growing louder.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "Fuck! Get to the bikes."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. CAMPFIRE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
GREGORY bursts over the hill, holding hands with CHANDRA as they  run.\
He\uc0\u65533 s only had  time to through  on his boots  and boxers and  grab his\
.44. Chandra is  dressed only in  her underwear and  Gregory\uc0\u65533 s leather\
jacket.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
            "Wake up! Get on your bikes and fucking ride!"\
\
HIS gang burst to their feet. They scramble through the dunes, heading\
for their bikes.\
\
A HELICOPTER, seen only by it\uc0\u65533 s massively strong search lamp, and  the\
wind from its  rotors blowing sand  everywhere, flies up  and over the\
dunes, buzzing the running pack, blowing some off their feet.\
\
GREGORY mounts his bike and CHANDRA jumps on back. WITH A WAVE OF  HIS\
HAND, all  the bikes,  his included,  drop into  neutral and  rev into\
start. Their  headlights blaze  as the  helicopter returns,  joined by\
another.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                          CHOPPER LOUDSPEAKER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0        "THIS IS THE POLICE, STOP YOUR VEHICLES AND SURRENDER!"\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
SUDDENLY, automatic fire sparks from the unseen helicopters. A  bullet\
trail stitches its way  across a pair of  bikers, sending them to  the\
ground as the helicopters fly overhead.\
\
GREGORY cranks down on the throttle and his bike explodes ahead.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. HIGHWAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE pack splits  up in two  directions as the  distant choppers circle\
back. GREGORY cuts the lights on  his bike and follows the highway  by\
starlight.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. HELICOPTER COCKPIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
TINNY RADIO chatter fills the  red-lit cockpit over the steady  hum of\
the  engines. The  nose of  the chopper  points to  the ground  as  it\
focuses on GREGORY and CHANDRA, who are ripping down the highway.\
\
CU on the cockpit instruments, centered on the airspeed indicator. The\
needle is pushing to the max, going through 150 knots.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              PILOT (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                   "Holy shit, he\uc0\u65533 s outrunning us."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                                                CUT TO:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. HIGHWAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
GREGORY is pasted down to the  tank of his bike with CHANDRA  gripping\
him for her life. The slipstream pulls his lips open and tears  streak\
from his eyes as his bike redlines in fifth gear. The helicopters grow\
smaller behind them. They break chase.\
\
CHANDRA looks back and sees the lights turn away. She screams over the\
wind and the roar.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                CHANDRA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "They\uc0\u65533 re gone!"\
\
               GREGORY is staring down a dark highway.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Can\uc0\u65533 t see shit."\
\
HE turns the headlights  back on, just in  time to see a  ROADBLOCK of\
heavy duty military trucks. In front  of the trucks is a sandbag  wall\
manned by soldiers. The trucks are flanked by police cars. And if  one\
looks closely enough, they  can see a pair  of AGENTS standing to  the\
side.\
\
THE stunned soldiers have time to fire off a couple shots as they  run\
frantically to get  out of the  way of the  bike, 800 pounds  of metal\
flying at 150 miles per hour.\
\
GREGORY  plows  into the  sandbag  wall, directly  between  two parked\
trucks. The wall parts in  an explosion of sand and  sandbags. THEY\uc0\u65533 RE\
THROUGH, but the bike scissors  uncontrollably, until it rolls and  we\
drop into bullet-time.\
\
AS the bike goes  over, we watch from  the side as GREGORY  dismounts,\
grabbing CHANDRA as he  steps over onto the  safe side of the  bike. A\
\
massive shower of sparks bursts and trails the bike. It tumbles like a\
bullet  falling  through syrup,  and  GREGORY keeps  walking  over the\
rotating surface, using  the bike to  protect him and  CHANDRA against\
the flesh-ripping concrete.\
\
THE bike is coming apart  as it\uc0\u65533 s bashed against the  concrete. Pieces\
rise slowly into the air -  the front wheel, the forks, the  mufflers,\
and a million flakes  of metal, until the  body bounces into the  air,\
carrying GREGORY  and CHANDRA  up. Holding  her to  him - she\uc0\u65533 s barely\
conscious of the lightning-fast  crash, GREGORY rides the  flying body\
with one hand on the frame. It comes crashing down and back into  real\
time.\
\
\
THE  bike\uc0\u65533 s body  streaks along  the highway.  The sparks  fade as  it\
slows, and pieces of metal come clanging and banging down around them.\
They  stop,  crouching  atop the  body,  with  GREGORY crouching  over\
CHANDRA. The disembodied front wheel rolls past them.\
\
STUNNED,  not quite  understanding how  or what  he just  did, he  and\
CHANDRA stand and start running. BEHIND  them is a blurry wall of  red\
and blue lights. POLICE SIRENS grow louder.\
\
THEY start running down the  highway, then GREGORY yanks CHANDRA  to a\
stop.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                   "Split up, into the desert, go!"\
\
                             THEY split.\
\
CU on CHANDRA. In bare feet, she sprints for the side of the road. The\
highway is  littered with  pieces of  the bike,  and she  stomps on  a\
twisted piece of metal  that impales her bare  foot. She falls to  the\
asphalt with a scream.\
\
GREGORY turns  and rushes  back to  her, even  as a  police cruiser is\
bearing down on them, it\uc0\u65533 s V-8 roaring and the siren IMPOSSIBLY LOUD.\
\
GREGORY drops  to her  side, only  to look  up into  the blinding high\
beams. He  drops over  CHANDRA, ducks  his head  and extends  his hand\
toward the oncoming cruiser and we drop back into BULLET TIME.\
\
THE CRUISER  runs into  his hand  and stops  as though  it hit a steel\
post. The hood crumples  in the center, pushing  the grill in even  as\
the front quarter  panels of the  unibody continue around  GREGORY and\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CHANDRA.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. CRUISER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE ENGINE smashes in through  the console, pushing the cops  apart as\
the glass windshield explodes and  their seats slide forward into  the\
console, smashing them like jelly.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: GREGORY AND CHANDRA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
WITH  HIS  HAND  still  on  the  grille,  CHANDRA  AND  GREGORY remain\
untouched, even as the entire police cruiser rips around them. WE drop\
back into REAL  time and see  the cruiser\uc0\u65533 s body  rip over and  around\
them. The grille and engine block and part of the mangled transmission\
remain still against  GREGORY\uc0\u65533 S HAND. The  cruiser was gutted,  like a\
banana shot down the center from top to bottom. It speeds beyond them,\
silent now, flips and explodes.\
\
THE ENGINE block is suspended a few  feet in the air. It drops to  the\
ground with a thud.\
\
GREGORY and CHANDRA get to their  feet and run into the early  morning\
desert.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: GUTTED CRUISER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
UNBELIEVABLY, the driver is still alive... barely. The steering  wheel\
is smashed deep  into his mouth,  splitting his jaw  open. Wet, broken\
chokes emanate from his blood-filled mouth. His eyes flicker, and just\
before they close forever, his body is seized by pain as he MORPHS.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. GUTTED CRUISER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE CRUMPLED DOOR is knocked out  of the frame. WE SEE a  black loafer\
step from the vehicle and a man in an immaculate black suit steps  out\
slowly.\
\
WE rise  up from  the loafer.  As the  other cruisers  catch up to the\
scene of the accident, AGENT BROWN watches. He looks into the desert.\
\
                A POLICE lieutenant approaches BROWN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                               LIEUTENANT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "Sir, should we pursue?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Withdraw your men and pursue the others. We have our own plans for\
                              this one."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN BRIDGE (NIGHT)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The ship is  quiet. RAZOR sits  at the operator  console, smashing the\
keyboard as he forces Tetris pieces into place.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. COCKPIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
CHOI is sipping coffee as he nudges the ship to a stop. He speaks into\
his headphones.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "OK, try it here."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN BRIDGE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
RAZOR halts his video game playing and flashes to a different  screen.\
Lines of code come pouring down the screen as he types, then hits  the\
ENTER key with a flourish. The screen flashes, and the familiar scroll\
of the MATRIX cascades down the screens.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Holy shit."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                                                CUT TO:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN BRIDGE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                   "What? Tell me you got signal."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              RAZOR (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
      "No fucking shit I got signal. Dude, they\uc0\u65533 re changing it."\
\
                           CHOI is annoyed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                "Are you using the right pulse wave?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                                                CUT TO:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN BRIDGE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                "Shut the fuck up and get back here."\
\
THE  MATRIX  scroll  pours  down  at  a  streaking  pace.  It\uc0\u65533 s almost\
impossible to make out the individual characters.\
\
                      CHOI comes up behind RAZOR\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "Oh my God. What are they - "\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "They\uc0\u65533 re changing the Matrix."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "Call Morpheus."\
\
RAZOR patches into MORPHEUS\uc0\u65533  cabin through the headset.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MORPHEUS CABIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
IT\uc0\u65533 S dark, but  quiet classical music  can be heard.  He\u65533 s not in  bed\
alone. NIOBE\uc0\u65533 S shaded form can be made out behind him.\
\
MORPHEUS sounds awake,  but looks anything  but. He grabs  the buzzing\
handset only an arm\uc0\u65533 s length from him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "I\uc0\u65533 m here."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                   "Sir, you gotta get down here."\
\
MORPHEUS starts  dressing as  he talks.  He puts  a reasurring hand on\
NIOBE\uc0\u65533 S shoulder.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Proximity alarm?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             "The Matrix, sir. The coding is going nuts."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Be right there."\
\
MORPHEUS hangs  up the  phone and  jumps into  his boots.  He turns to\
NIOBE as he works.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
    "It sounds bad. They\uc0\u65533 re readjusting quicker than we thought."\
\
                 NIOBE jumps up and dresses quickly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              "Already?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "It appears that they are learning their lessons."\
\
                        NIOBE shakes her head.\
\
           "Morpheus, how much are you going to tell him?"\
\
                           MORPHEUS pauses.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
            "Tell Neo? About his predecessors, I suppose?"\
\
                        NIOBE, dressed, nods.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "He is the -"\
\
                   NIOBE puts a finger to his lips.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                   "Six came before him, Morpheus."\
\
                   MORPHEUS shakes his head slowly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"To me, none came before him. The Oracle told me I would find the one.\
          It is prophecy. You haven\uc0\u65533 t seen what he can do."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
       "What if they toughen the Matrix code, like last time?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "There are lots of ifs. How about this one: What if we lose faith in\
                             our cause?"\
\
  HE disappears through the door, leaving Niobe standing in the dim\
                                light.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN BRIDGE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                 MORPHEUS leans over RAZOR and CHOI.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "Talk to me."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
         "Not good, boss, I gotta compile a new descrambler."\
\
\
\
                            MORPHEUS nods.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                  "Do it. We\uc0\u65533 re at broadcast depth?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              "Yes sir."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"We have to download our mission specs. Move aside, I have to log into\
                           the mainframe."\
\
MORPHEUS  takes  over  RAZORS  seat.  The  scrolling  code disappears,\
replaced by the small words: ZION.dtr1.mnfr4m3 LOGON.\
\
MORPHEUS pushes  the keyboard  under the  console so  its hidden  from\
view. He taps at the  keyboard. Hidden password appears on  the screen\
in the form of: XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0               SCREEN: LOGON ACCEPTED. WELCOME, MORPHEUS.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                      MISSION SPECS DOWNLOADING...\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                               DOWNLOADED\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                            LOGOUT COMPLETE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                MISSION TYPE: INFILTRATION / DESTRUCTION\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                        TARGET: MATRIX MAINFRAME\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
MORPHEUS\uc0\u65533  eyes open slightly when he reads the screen, but he  regains\
his  composure  quickly. RAZOR\uc0\u65533 S  mouth  drops open,  and  CHOI starts\
cracking up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"The mainframe? Haha. It\uc0\u65533 s a joke, right Morpheus? Is today April 1^st\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                   ?"\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      NIOBE appears behind them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
        "It\uc0\u65533 s not a joke. We have The One. We must do it now."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "But they\uc0\u65533 re altering the code already. I can\u65533 t even read it yet."\
\
                    MORPHEUS turns and faces them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "We have our mission, but it\uc0\u65533 s up to us to interperate how we\u65533 ll do\
                                 it."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Morpheus, there\uc0\u65533 s more ice in front of that mainframe than there is\
           in Antarctica. We\uc0\u65533 ll never cut through it all."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                "You haven\uc0\u65533 t seen The One in action."\
\
            RAZOR looks dubious, and turns to the screens.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Can you hack in?"\
\
RAZOR pounds the keys. The Matrix disappears, replaced by his program.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "Getting you in is no problem. Maintaining the input/output and\
helping you is the problem. That\uc0\u65533 s how they killed savior number four,\
 if I remember right. They cut the signal and trapped him in there."\
\
MORPHEUS spins the chair, then stops it. Their faces are inches apart.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "We don\uc0\u65533 t speak of the past."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
          "Excuse me for dragging up painful memories, sir."\
\
HE turns the chair back to the screen and continues coding.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CUT TO: NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
He\uc0\u65533 s standing at  the edge of  some equipment on  the Main Deck.  He\u65533 s\
heard every word. He rounds the corner. The others catch sight of him.\
The same thought is on everyone's mind: How much had he heard.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"Morning. Niobe, wake the rest of the crew. Razor, what\uc0\u65533 s the ETA for\
                        getting us in there?"\
\
                        RAZOR shakes his head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "I dunno. Just gimme an hour, I\uc0\u65533 ll probably have caught up to them."\
\
                      MORPHEUS walks up to NEO.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "Come with me."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                                                CUT TO:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. DESERT (DAY)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
FROM FAR AWAY, we see GREGORY and CHANDRA hiding under the only bit of\
shade available for miles, a tiny outcropping of rock. We sail in  and\
cut to a panning shot, scanning over the harsh ground, onto  CHANDRA\uc0\u65533 S\
feet, clad in Gregory\uc0\u65533 s boots, up her sun-scorched and scratched legs.\
She\uc0\u65533 s collapsed onto Gregory. He\u65533 s in equally bad shape. Gregory leans\
with his back against the rock, eyes opening and closing as he  drifts\
in and out of sleep.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              GREGORY POV\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
He  stars at  the horizon  and the  mirages of  water reflecting  the\
jaundiced yellow sky. In the  shimmering distance, a man appears,  but\
Gregory\uc0\u65533 s lids  shut and  we see  darkness. When  he reopens them, the\
figure is more clear. It\uc0\u65533 s a man, dressed in a black suit. Even in the\
distance we can recognize him. We want it to be him.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. DESERT ROCK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
GREGORY  can  barely come  to  his senses  as  the figure  approaches.\
CHANDRA doesn\uc0\u65533 t even wake.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. DESERT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
We follow the figure at waist heigh as it approaches GREGORY. It comes\
to a stop just in front of him.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. DESERT ROCK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
GREGORY is fully  awake, but he  thinks he\uc0\u65533 s dreaming.  He reaches out\
and pokes the black-clad leg of the immaculate man standing before him\
- a man who doesn\uc0\u65533 t sweat even in the sauna heat. He looks up, but the\
glaring sun obscures the face.\
\
           GREGORY\uc0\u65533 s voice is raspy as he starts to speak.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "Oh my God. It\uc0\u65533 s... The Man."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              MAN IN BLACK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
      "I\uc0\u65533 ve been searching for you for a long time, my friend."\
\
                       GREGORY lowers his head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              MAN IN BLACK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "We need you, Gregory."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "What for?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              MAN IN BLACK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "To save our world."\
\
GREGORY\uc0\u65533 S FACE  RAISES, THE  MAN IN  BLACK eclipses  the sun  with his\
head, making a hallo of hazy sunlight around an all-too familiar face:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 AGENT SMITH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
GREGORY\uc0\u65533 S head drops back down. He strokes CHANDRA\u65533 S hair.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "It\uc0\u65533 s too late. We\u65533 re dead."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "Do you want to live?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "What for?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "A better life for all. Life for her. And for you, a chance for\
                              revenge."\
\
                       GREGORY raises his head.\
\
\
\
AGENT SMITH grins. He turns away, and the desert landscape before them\
turns into a soothing, cool,  crystal forest lake. Smith takes  a step\
toward it, then turns and extends his hand.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "Interested?"\
\
GREGORY  is  mystified.  Speechless, he  drags  himself  to his  feet,\
hoisting Chandra, and steps toward the lake.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "This can\uc0\u65533 t be real."\
\
           HE steps forward, only to have the image recede.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "You this, don\uc0\u65533 t you?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Yes."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "Will you help us?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Anything."\
\
CU:  SMITH  extends his  hand.  GREGORY grasps  it.  He lets  go,  and\
collapses into the cool shallow waters of the lake edge.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. LAKE SHORE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE  DESERT  is  gone,  replaced by  forest,  though  still  under the\
poisoned sky of the Matrix.\
\
GREGORY laps  the water  up, and  pulls CHANDRA  in, rubbing the water\
over her face. Calmly, AGENT SMITH stands on the lake shore.\
\
CU:  AGENT SMITH.  The humans  are reflected  in his  perfectly still\
glasses.\
\
CHANDRA  stirs and  awakens, though  she doesn\uc0\u65533 t  seem to  see  SMITH.\
GREGORY,  revitalized, looks  around at  the miracle,  and up  at the\
mystery man.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "Who the fuck are you?"\
\
                       SMITH grins devilishly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "I\uc0\u65533 m nobody. A Smith. What\u65533 s more important, is you. We need you,\
                              Gregory."\
\
GREGORY stares. He pulls CHANDRA ashore and stands to look AGENT SMITH\
in the eyes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             "First you try to kill me. Now you need me."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "Two years ago, Gregory, your parents were killed in a terrorist\
                  attack in the heart of the city."\
\
             THE words spark something nasty in GREGORY.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              "So what?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "The terrorists were led by a certain individual."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "I know who it was."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "We need you to kill him."\
\
GREGORY laughs he turns to CHANDRA  to check on her. She\uc0\u65533 s passed  out\
on the smooth grass.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"What a bunch of bullshit. The whole government can\uc0\u65533 t kill him, so how\
                               can I?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
           "No one in the government can do what you can."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Fuck you."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "I believe we have a deal."\
\
           GREGORY stands and puts his face next to SMITH\uc0\u65533 S\
\
 "You know, I\uc0\u65533 ve always wanted to fuck the devil on a deal. And this\
     looks like a once-in-a lifetime opportunity. So, FUCK YOU!"\
\
SMITH frowns. GREGORY looks him up and down. He\uc0\u65533 s got a few inches and\
pounds on the smaller agent.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "What are you gonna do, little man? You looking for a trip to the\
fucking hospital? Fuck with me and you\uc0\u65533 ll be looking for some plastic\
                           surgery, you - "\
\
SMITH delivers a  chest punch that  sends GREGORY sailing  back twenty\
feet. He tumbles to a stop, coughs, and stares in disbelief at  SMITH,\
standing calmly at what seems like an impossible distance away.\
\
CU: SMITH. HE removes his glasses calmly.\
\
CU: GREGORY. He was stunned, but he\uc0\u65533 s  not out of the fight. Not by  a\
long shot.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "No man can beat me."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "Bring it on, pussy."\
\
                    Pull back as he CHARGES SMITH\
\
SMITH is ready to deflect the  blow, but GREGORY dodges and bowls  him\
over, barroom style.  With SMITH pinned  below him, he  slams his palm\
downward. SMITH\uc0\u65533 S head dodges the blow that pummels the ground.\
\
GREGORY is  screaming as  he smashes  downward with  the palms  of his\
heels. Every blow misses the mark.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                   "Mother fucker, what the fu -?"\
\
SMITH bucks up, throwing GREGORY into the air. He flips onto his  back\
as GREGORY returns. The  sheer force of his  street-forged roundhouses\
knock SMITH around  as he blocks.  Growing irritated at  the untrained\
attack, SMITH turns a block into a palm-heel that hits GREGORY in  the\
forehead with  the force  of a  cannon blast.  Momentarily stunned, he\
steps back enough for SMITH to perform a roundhouse kick. It\uc0\u65533 s like  a\
helicopter blade, smashing into GREGORY\uc0\u65533 S head and sending him to  the\
ground in a heap.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "Ready to change your mind?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
HE can\uc0\u65533 t  respond very  well. Blood  fills his  mouth and  his face is\
mashed. A huge welt grows under  the loafer mark left by SMITH  on the\
right side of his face.\
\
                    SMITH crouches down by GREGORY\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
               "I can teach you to beat me, you know."\
\
                       THIS interests GREGORY.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
       "Help us, and both you and her will be free afterward."\
\
GREGORY  stares  at the  ground,  then gazes  past  SMITH at  CHANDRA.\
Finally, he starts to rise. SMITH offers a hand, and GREGORY takes it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"You know it, don\uc0\u65533 t you? That there\u65533 s more to your world than what you\
              can see, what you can rationally explain?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "Yeah."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"I\uc0\u65533 m going to teach you how to use the powers you can\u65533 t even imagine.\
               But first, you need to learn to fight."\
\
SMITH puts his hand to his earpiece. GREGORY\uc0\u65533 S eyes close and his body\
SPASMS. He falls to the ground, breathless, and when his eyes open, he\
stares up at SMITH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "Holy shit. What the -"\
\
HE stares at his hands. He sits up, and watches his hands, amazed,  as\
he goes through a series of  block-punches. He stops and stares up  at\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 SMITH.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           I know Kung-Fu."\
\
                             SMITH grins.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. COCKPIT (NIGHT)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
MORPHEUS and  NEO sit  together. The  cockpit lights  are dimmed down,\
only the EMP pulse button glows.  Outside the ship, in the dark  mists\
of the underworld,  patches of eerie  phosphorescent moss glow  on the\
walls. Occasionally, a squiddie will pass over the darkened ship.\
\
           The two of them watch the deadly outside world.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                   "We\uc0\u65533 re deep in their territory."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "I see that."\
\
 MORPHEUS stares out at the night, deep in thought. He turns to NEO.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Are you rested?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Yes."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "You know now, that you had predecessors."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "Yes. I\uc0\u65533 ve heard things."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "What types of things?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "That there were others, like me, who you thought were going to be\
                  special. But they ended up dead."\
\
                        MORPHEUS nods slowly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "It\uc0\u65533 s true. There were others. And I didn\u65533 t tell you right away.\
                     Because you were not ready."\
\
                              NEO nods.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "Does this anger you?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "I don\uc0\u65533 t know yet. So much has happened so fast, that I can\u65533 t decide\
 whether or not I\uc0\u65533 m angry, or dissappointed, or even if I should be."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "You shouldn\uc0\u65533 t be, Neo. You are the key in the Oracle\u65533 s prophecy.\
     Everything forseen to come to pass, has, except one thing."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "What?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                   "The destruction of The Matrix."\
\
                MORPHEUS looks out into the darkness.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Your coming was heralded, and it is my destiny to prepare the world\
  for you, and to baptize you by fire. But from here on out, no one\
                               knows."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "Can we ask The Oracle."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "Not in this life."\
\
                           NEO is confused.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "No one has heard from her or her priestesses since the day Cypher\
                            turned on us."\
\
                         NEO is taken aback.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
           "But she must have known, if they came to her."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Perhaps she did."\
\
                         NEO shakes his head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"I can\uc0\u65533 t believe it. I don\u65533 t know, Morpheus, if I\u65533 m prepared for this\
        war. I\uc0\u65533 m not a soldier. How, how are we going to win?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHUES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "For decades, we have fought force-on-force, in the real world,\
 without a conclusion. Now, after nearly a century of war, we\uc0\u65533 re at a\
standstill. The only way that we can see to win is by destroying their\
source of energy. We have to pull the plug on them. We must crash the\
                               Matrix."\
\
                        MORPHEUS grins slyly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "Remember, when I told you, that I\uc0\u65533 ll show you how deep the rabbit\
                             hole goes?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Yes."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "I brought you deep, yet I no longer know the way. No one does. With\
 every second we sink deeper than before. You are our guiding light,\
now. Your powers exceed mine a millionfold. I have shown you the path\
                  to victory, Neo. Lead us down it."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
MORPHEUS, NEO, TRINITY, CHOI, and  NIOBE are on the chairs  as they\uc0\u65533 re\
being JACKED IN by CIRCA and RAZOR.\
\
CUT TO: RAZOR jumps in the  operator\uc0\u65533 s chair, his hands blur over  the\
touchscreens and keyboard as he drops his crewmates into the Matrix.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                            MORPHEUS (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
            "We\uc0\u65533 re going straight for the throat, people."\
\
ANGLE ON: RAZOR and CIRCA  typing like made at their  keyboards. RAZOR\
hits the ENTER  key. They look  on, transfixed with  anticipation. The\
screaming Matrix code grinds to a readable halt. The slap each other\uc0\u65533 s\
hands and continue hacking.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                            MORPHEUS (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"We have the advantage of surprise. They won\uc0\u65533 t expect us to return so\
                                soon."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. ABANDONED WAREHOUSE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE FIVE  of them  stand, immobile,  around a  ringing phone  as their\
minds filter in to their body images. They are dressed practically  in\
denim  and leather,  like blue  collar workers.  Their dress  wouldn\uc0\u65533 t\
attract the slightest  bit of attention,  except for the  padded coats\
and tote bags filled with firepower.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN BRIDGE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 CIRCA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Keep your eyes out for changes, they\uc0\u65533 re modifying things. Dial \u65533 0\u65533 \
                            for operator."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. ABANDONED WAREHOUSE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                 MORPHEUS holds his celly to his ear.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              CIRCA (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "And have a nice day."\
\
        HE drops the phone into his pocket. They turn to him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"Niobe, you\uc0\u65533 re the liasion to our operators. Neo, what do you have for\
                            a game plan?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "Where is the mainframe?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "The Metacortex building."\
\
                           NEO\uc0\u65533 s jaw drops.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
               "What the fuck? That\uc0\u65533 s where I worked."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "And what do you think you were doing there, writing code for video\
                games? You were working for The Man."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "It\uc0\u65533 s true, Neo. Metacortex employs humans to write code for the\
                               Matrix."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
           "I thought I was working on a fucking database."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "They keep the left hand from seeing what the right hand is doing.\
 That\uc0\u65533 s how an evil system can be made by innocent people. But, that\
                           doesn\uc0\u65533 t matter."\
\
                            NEO recovers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"How \uc0\u65533 bout this? I just walk up to the Metacortex building and blow it\
                                 up?"\
\
                             CHOI laughs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "What, by power of will?"\
\
        NEO nods. CHOI\uc0\u65533 S smile fades. He looks to the others.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "He\uc0\u65533 s joking right?"\
\
                      MORPHEUS shakes his head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"We\uc0\u65533 ll fan out around the city, keeping an eye out for you. If you\u65533 re\
able to accomplish this mission, we\uc0\u65533 ll phase back into the ship. Stay\
 in contact. If you lose your cell, contact an operator immediately."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ABANDONED WAREHOUSE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE five  of them  exit. They  blend into  the crowds  on the  street,\
anonymous and  quiet. MORPHEUS  looks back  as NEO,  taller than most,\
heads down the street.\
\
                      NIOBE pauses next to him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "What is it?"\
\
                      MORPHEUS shakes his head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
     "What\uc0\u65533 s going to happen? If this is it, right now? The end?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "I can\uc0\u65533 t even imagine."\
\
HE grins  and starts  to turn.  As he  does, his  profile matches  the\
profile on  a WANTED  poster stuck  to the  wall. It\uc0\u65533 s  a dark, grainy\
picture of him, alongside photos of Neo, and Trinity.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                    POSTER: INTERNATIONAL TERRORISTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              MORPHEUS glances at it, and continues on.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. DOWNTOWN STREET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
NEO walks  calmly, observing  the people  that filter  by. Men, women,\
children, all oblivious to their true nature.\
\
A dirty homeless whino, nose  explosion red with burst blood  vessels,\
is  staggering  along  the  edge of  the  crowd,  unseen  and ignored.\
Somehow, he catches NEO\uc0\u65533 s eye.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                HOMELESS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "Spare a quarter, buddy?"\
\
                NEO shakes his head, but still stares.\
\
ANGLE on  the HOMELESS.  He mutters  something, and  reaches into  his\
shopping cart to  open a garbage  bag. It\uc0\u65533 s filled  with twenty dollar\
bills, thousands of them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "How \uc0\u65533 bout a quarter mil?"\
\
THE homeless  man is  astounded. As  he stands,  speechless, NEO fades\
back into the crowd.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. FOREST GLADE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
SMITH and GREGORY fight in the glade. SMITH is always one step  ahead.\
HE is a cruel  sensei, and doesn\uc0\u65533 t pull  punches. But with every  blow\
GREGORY takes, he rebounds and attacks again.\
\
FINALLY, just as  he seems to  be gaining on  SMITH, he takes  a rapid\
fire series  of blows,  and collapses  to the  ground, breathless  and\
beaten.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "Fuck."\
\
                          SMITH circles him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Pain is only weakness leaving your body. When you are sufficiently\
                   strong, you will feel no pain."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "Tell me about what is happening. What\uc0\u65533 s wrong with the world?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "Get up and fight."\
\
GREGORY gets to his feet and takes a stance. SMITH stares at him  from\
a relaxed poise. He slaps at GREGORY, who deflects the blow and  takes\
a jab, nearly hitting SMITH on the chin. They circle.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "The world is not for you."\
\
              HE slaps, has it deflected, dodges a blow.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "What do you mean?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "You\uc0\u65533 re not human, Gregory. That\u65533 s why you don\u65533 t fit in. That\u65533 s why\
                      you have certain powers."\
\
    GREGORY takes a swipe. They engage, then push off one another.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                  "What, am I from planet Krypton?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "Not quite. But as humans continue to evolve, some are developing\
    capabilities beyond those of the average man. Reality-altering\
 abilities. I have them. Others in the Agency have them. And you have\
    them, too. We\uc0\u65533 re all that stands between law and order, and a\
       terrorist dictatorship lead by the one called Morpheus."\
\
                   THEY stop fighting for a moment.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "We need you to stop the terror. We need you to save our world."\
\
\
\
             IT sinks in. GREGORY is starting to believe.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "We need you, because you\uc0\u65533 re better than me. Now push past your\
 abilities. You can turn you imagination into reality. See your hands\
        striking me, see yourself overcoming me. Fight, boy!"\
\
SMITH comes at him, and GREGORY responds. Their fists and kicks are  a\
fast, then turn  into a blur.  GREGORY can\uc0\u65533 t believe  his own actions.\
SMITH misses  a block,  and GREGORY  blows him  backward with  a chest\
punch.\
\
SMITH, recovering, looks up. GREGORY looks around. CHANDRA is gone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "Where is she?"\
\
SMITH stands. From behind his back he produces a baseball sized  glass\
ball. He tosses it to GREGORY.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "Here."\
\
GREGORY looks in the ball.  It\uc0\u65533 s a window to an  apartment overlooking\
the city. Chandra is in bed, waking up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
    "She doesn\uc0\u65533 t remember our encounter. She\u65533 s fine. Don\u65533 t worry."\
\
                         THE BALL disappears.\
\
                 SMITH puts his hand to his earpiece.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. OFFICE BUILDING\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
AGENT BROWN is staring down at  the ground. ACROSS THE STREET, NEO  is\
walking toward his building.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "He\uc0\u65533 s back."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. FOREST GLADE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "I\uc0\u65533 ll be there. Execute the defense plan."\
\
                       SMITH turns to GREGORY.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Come with me. But only watch. You\uc0\u65533 re not ready to engage in a fight\
                           with the enemy."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              "Why not?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "Because if you haven\uc0\u65533 t defeated me yet, you won\u65533 t defeat them."\
\
                       SMITH snaps his fingers.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ROOFTOP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
GREGORY  finds  himself  alone  on  the  top  of  the  MAKARAO  hotel,\
overlooking METACORTEX PLAZA.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. STREET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The METACORTEX building stands across  the street. NEO has been  along\
this road a thousand times, but in another lifetime.\
\
NEO raises one hand, palm pointed toward the building.\
\
CUT TO:  NEO\uc0\u65533 S  POV:  The  building  is  a  massive  tower of  glowing\
shimmering energy, no more real than a three-dimensional polygon.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. BUILDING ROOFTOP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
MORPHEUS and NIOBE  stand atop a  building a few  blocks away, looking\
toward the Metacortex building.\
\
                             ANGLE on NEO\
\
HE FIXES his gaze on the building, then lowers his head and closes his\
eyes.\
\
THE building tremors slightly, like  a heat mirage. Slowly, it  starts\
moving downward.\
\
ANGLE ON: the first  level. The exterior glass  disappears, vaporizing\
in a million crystal shards that melt into the air, exposing the  hive\
of office cubicles and corridors within.\
\
The walls, desks and cubicles vaporize, leaving a few hundred  people\
- office  workers, security,  maintenance men,  standing with  nothing\
between them.\
\
              The massive LOAD BEARING MEMBERS vaporize.\
\
CUT TO: the bottom of the building. One can look straight through  the\
entire  building.  WE go  through  the empty  building,  passing dazed\
people, until we pass out the other side, and come to NEO.\
\
HE looks up. The office  building is supported by nothing.  Slowly, it\
descends on the stunned people. They rush, screaming, some laughing in\
hysteria, before the ceiling can come down on them. The last few  flee\
just before  the ceiling  touches the  ground. The  second floor melts\
away just like the first.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. BUILDING ROOFTOP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
NIOBE and MORPHEUS  stare on in  amazement as the  building collapses,\
floor by floor.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "He\uc0\u65533 s doing it."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "I knew it."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. STREET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
CHOI and  TRINITY look  up in  the air  at the  roof of the METACORTEX\
building, standing beyond  a block of  buildings. It sinks  toward the\
ground as a flood of people come screaming around the corner.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "It can\uc0\u65533 t be this easy."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "It\uc0\u65533 s not over yet."\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                           MAN\uc0\u65533 S VOICE (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "Not by a long shot."\
\
CU: TRINITY\uc0\u65533 S FACE. SOMEONE plants the barrel of a silver Desert Eagle\
.45 against her temple. TRINITY  whips her head backward as  it fires.\
We drop into BULLET TIME as the flame and concussion blossoms in front\
of her face, ripping her sunglasses off as she drops backward, pulling\
a pair of MAC-10 Uzis from under her jacket.\
\
                THE MAN\uc0\u65533 S VOICE belongs to AGENT BROWN\
\
CHOI turns,  pulling a  short weapon  from under  his coat. It\uc0\u65533 s boxy,\
with a short barrel the size of a soda can. He plants it in the  small\
of BROWN\uc0\u65533 S back and pulls the trigger.\
\
A CONE  OF FIRE  burns straight  through brown,  blowing steam, flame,\
smoke, vertebrae, and viscera out a massive hole in his stomach.\
\
CU on the weapon. It recoils on tension coils, discharging a shell the\
size of a 12-ounce soda can.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                               REAL TIME\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
What remains  of BROWN  flies forward.  CHOI helps  TRINITY up and the\
retreat into the building and  take cover under a window.  Through the\
window, we see military trucks, filled with troops, charging down  the\
street, toward the Metacortex  plaza. After the trucks  come rumbling,\
black-painted M1A2 ABRAMS tanks. A black APACHE HELICOPTER flies  over\
the convoy.\
\
CHOI looks through the window as he reloads his hand cannon.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "Holy fucking shit."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "We\uc0\u65533 ve stirred up the hornet\u65533 s nest now."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. METACORTEX OFFICE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
AGENT SMITH and JONES stare  down into the plaza. The  building shakes\
slightly as it descends.\
\
FROM the three  streets that enter  the plaza, military  vehicles pour\
in. Hundreds  of troops  discharge and  form a  L-shaped circle around\
NEO. Tanks  rumble in,  and the  Apaches whirl  to a  hover. Panicking\
civilians rush out of the kill zone.\
\
NEO stands calmly, continuing his work.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ROOFTOP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
MORPHEUS and NIOBE stare from the rooftop.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. METACORTEX PLAZA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The air rumbles as the building continues to gently collapse. The  sky\
flashes, and massive streaks of  lighting blast across it like  cracks\
in reality.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: SOLDIERS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
           They line their weapons on NEO. They are nervous\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                PRIVATE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                "This is impossible. What\uc0\u65533 s going on?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                SERGEANT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
               "Just keep him in your sites, soldier."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. TANK TURRET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                            CU: TANK GUNNER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
HIS eye is glued to the tank  site and his trigger finger on the  fire\
button.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                             POV: TANK SITE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
               The green crosshairs sit on NEO\uc0\u65533 S chest.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                CU: NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
His eyes open, but the building continues to collapse. He stares up at\
a mirrored window, and somehow, straight into the eyes of:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                            CU: AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Open fire."\
\
A WALL of flame and fingers of tracers bursts from the skirmish lines.\
The tracers grow into a cone of orange flame bearing down on NEO as we\
drop into bullet time.\
\
THE bullets sizzle  as tracers burn  off their backs.  The draw toward\
him like  slugs. Thousands  of bullets  fired at  perpendicular angles\
close  in on  him. As  they draw  close to  one another  along almost\
perpendicular paths, they tinkle and chime and bounce.\
\
The bullets come to a stop, glowing as their tracers backs continue to\
burn.  The world  is in  stop motion  as the  bullets stop,  turn 180\
degrees, and  suddenly accelerate  back at  their origins.  Faster and\
fast they fly, until we drop back into REAL TIME.\
\
THE SKIRMISH line  of troops is  ripped apart by  a hail of  their own\
bullets.\
\
CU: MACHINE GUNNER. With an M-249 SAW, he blazes away at NEO, only  to\
be shredded by his own bullets. A  private takes a shot at NEO, and  a\
bullet slaps into his  shoulder. REALIZING what\uc0\u65533 s happening,  he drops\
his weapon.\
\
THE SOLDIERS are dropping like flies. The firing quickly subsides.\
\
NEO stands  alone in  the center,  unharmed. He  turns to the skirmish\
lines.  THE  surviving soldiers  drop  their weapons,  and  run. Panic\
ensues. Only a few officers, NCOs, and soldiers too amazed to think of\
running remain.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. HELICOPTER COCKPIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                  NEO is targeted on an LCD screen.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 PILOT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              "Fox One."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. HELICOPTER WING\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0               CU: AGM-65 HELLFIRE GROUND-TO-AIR-MISSILE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The missile drops from its release claws and ignites, accelerating off\
screen.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                         POV: HELLFIRE NOSE CAM\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The missile flies  horizontally over the  plaza, then pitches  up, and\
back down at NEO. He looks at it, and at the last second the nose goes\
back up.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. PLAZA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The missile swoops up over him, leaving him in its exhaust smoke.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                         POV: HELLFIRE NOSE CAM\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE missile banks,  panning across the  city, until it  locks onto the\
helicopter from which it originated.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. HELICOPTER COCKPIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE missile bears down the chopper.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: PILOT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
HE\uc0\u65533 S TOO stunned to move. Mouth agape, he can only watch as:\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. HELICOPTER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
IT\uc0\u65533 S BLOWN to  fiery pieces, and  comes tumbling down,  landing on the\
street as soldiers and civilians flee.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. TANK TURRET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                             TANK COMMANDER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "Fire!"\
\
                    THE GUNNER pulls the trigger.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. M1A2 ABRAMS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
WE drop into bullet time as a cone of fire - bigger than the tank  and\
the shape of a  pine tree, blows out  of the barrel, pushing  the tank\
back. From the fire streaks a  HEAT round, white hot, leaving a  laser\
like tracer as it bears down on NEO.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                               REAL TIME\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 THE TRACER stops in front of NEO, and out of the air the HEAT round\
  appears. Suspended in air, it shakes with violence. It accelerates\
        backwards, flying straight back into the tank barrel.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. TANK TURRET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE gunner screams as the BREECH explodes, blocking our view.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The tanks explodes like a  60-ton hand grenade, plowing soldiers  onto\
their faces, consuming the unlucky ones close to it, and throwing  the\
30-ton turret straight up, 10 yards into the air. It rotates,  aflame,\
and comes crashing down on a nearby commander and his radio man.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. METACORTEX OFFICE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE  EXPLOSION shakes  the building.  The scene  below is  a complete\
route. Black smoke billows up  from the flaming wrecks. The  remaining\
tanks aren\uc0\u65533 t retreating  - the crews  are piling out  and running. The\
Apache helicopters turn tail and run.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "The plan is not working."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              "No shit."\
\
                     AGENT BROWN enters the room.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "What about your prot\uc0\u65533 g\u65533 ?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "He\uc0\u65533 s not ready yet. I\u65533 ll deal with this myself."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "You can\uc0\u65533 t beat him."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                 "I\uc0\u65533 ve been altered. I\u65533 m Smith, 2.0."\
\
             AGENTS BROWN and JONES look at one another.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                               CU: SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 HE clenches his teeth, as though he\uc0\u65533 s girding himself for something.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "Kill the others. I\uc0\u65533 ll take care of this."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN BRIDGE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
RAZOR is at  his operator chair,  surrounded by consoles.  Some of the\
Matrix code screens are in blue, others in red, at least one in green.\
The code  on the  green screen  starts pouring  down at  an incredible\
rate.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "Fuck."\
\
                   HE hits something on the keypad.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ROOF\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     MORPHEUS answers his phone.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN BRIDGE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"They\uc0\u65533 re about to pull something. Processing power is pouring into the\
agent programs and they\uc0\u65533 re locking onto your 3-D grid displacements.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ROOF\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             "Send through ghosts to confuse their lock."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              "Got it."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN BRIDGE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE GHOST program  is loaded. We  see 3-D images  of Morpheus and  the\
others flash across the screen.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. OFFICE BUILDING\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
SMITH STANDS alone, his comrades have disappeared.\
\
THE glass before him shimmers.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. OFFICE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE mirrored glass of Smith\uc0\u65533 s office wavers, then explodes towards us.\
SMITH jumps, and we pan down to follow his descent. He smacks into the\
pavement on his feet in front of NEO.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. METACORTEX PLAZA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
SMITH STANDS, facing NEO, about two fighting distances away.\
\
NEO\uc0\u65533 s  concentration is  broken. The  METACORTEX building  comes to  a\
shuddering halt.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "You\uc0\u65533 re back."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               He nods.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "And you have a ponytail now."\
\
AS we concentrate  on NEO, and  he concentrates on  SMITH, we can  see\
more black suits marching up behind him.\
\
NEO attacks SMITH. SMITH backs away slowly, blocking against a  losing\
battle and taking hits. Meanwhile,  the MEN IN BLACK converge  on NEO.\
Just as NEO  lands a smashing  blow on SMITH\uc0\u65533 S  chin, three voices  at\
once shout:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 "HEY!"\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
NEO turns,  and SMITH  pushes him  hard in  the opposite  direction to\
face:\
\
THREE SMITHS! They attack at once, one going low and hard with a  knee\
breaking sweep kick, the other punching NEO in the face, and the third\
breaking to the  side and putting  his toe into  NEO\uc0\u65533 s stomach with  a\
vicious side-kick.\
\
They attack  is in  perfect synch,  eight arms  and eight legs working\
like clockwork, striking  their target without  getting in the  way of\
each other. The attack slams NEO back, right into the first,  bloodied\
SMITH. NEO slams into his shoving arms, and stops as though he  backed\
into a  brick wall.  AGENT SMITH  grabs him  and holds  him in  a FULL\
NELSON, exposing him  to his three  copies. The copies  shift position\
and attack again. Two stand together, left shoulder to right, and with\
their combined arms slam NEO in the face, then step apart as the third\
comes in. The THIRD  grabs the shoulders of  the other two and  flips,\
walking his loafers up NEO\uc0\u65533 s  body, and kicking him from  below, right\
up into  the chin  of his  jaw! It  snaps NEO\uc0\u65533 s  back with  a spray of\
blood.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ROOFTOP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
MORPHEUS and NIOBE stare on as the fight rages.\
\
\
\
MORPHEUS grips  the edge  of the  brick wall  edge. The stone crumbles\
under the tension.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "We can only watch."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. PLAZA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE ASSAULT on NEO continues. He struggles, unable to concentrate long\
enough to find a way to fight back.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
RAZOR bangs away at the keyboard.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"Four fucking agents, no wonder so much processing power is devoted to\
                                them."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ROOF\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
A  BIRD flying  by NIOBE  and MORPHEUS  slows its  flight, slows  its\
flapping, and freezes.\
\
CU: MORPHEUS. A pink lightning  bolt freezes as it streaks  across the\
sky, sealing the world\uc0\u65533 s light in an a light rouge.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. CITY STREET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Near the  plaza, panicked  civilians slow,  and fall  to the ground as\
though they\uc0\u65533 re passing out.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          Razor stares at the data pouring down the screens.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "No goddamned way."\
\
                        His headphone chimes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Operator."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ROOF\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       MORPHEUS is on the phone\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "What the hell\uc0\u65533 s going on?"\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"They\uc0\u65533 re putting all the coppertops to sleep. They froze the Matrix."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Why?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "All processing power is being re-diverted to the agent program."\
\
      NIOBE stands at the edge of the building and points down.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Morpheus, look!"\
\
    DOWN on the ground below them, there\uc0\u65533 s a swarm of AGENT Smiths\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. STREET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The passed-out people stand, and one by one, MORPH into AGENT  SMITHS.\
It happens over, and over,  until dozens, then hundreds, are  marching\
on the plaza.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. PLAZA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
NEO reaches back and puts his hands on either side of SMITH\uc0\u65533 S head. As\
he\uc0\u65533 s  being pummeled  from the  front, he  squeezes and  screams. His\
screams are mixed with SMITH\uc0\u65533 S. The agent\u65533 s head deforms as we\u65533 re hear\
a sickening  crack. Suddenly,  the body  reverts back  to that  of the\
original owner, a security guard, and the head simply EXPLODES.\
\
THE  hold broken,  NEO stumbles  back over  the body,  with the  three\
SMITHS in pursuit. He somersaults, comes up on his feet, and jumps  to\
the left, putting one Smith in front of the other two. He attacks, his\
killing blows destroying SMITH, smashing through his blocks. He falls,\
and NEO takes on the other two, giving a kick jump that knocks both of\
them away in one shot.\
\
As he comes  down, a wall  of Smith\uc0\u65533 s converges  from all sides.  They\
stop, leaving a circle around him.\
\
WE PAN BACK to view a sea of black-suited SMITHS flooding the plaza.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
AS  his hand  passes over  his face,  it is  refreshed, anew,  perfect\
again. He surveys the wall-to-wall SMITHS.\
\
SMITH talks with his voice, times a thousand.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
       "NEO, leave the Matrix. You know not what you\uc0\u65533 re doing."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "Well, is that right?"\
\
HE turns  to the  METACORTEX building.  It\uc0\u65533 s repairing,  growing steel\
girders and concrete skin.\
\
                         NEO\uc0\u65533 s face darkens.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "No!"\
\
REALITY SHIMMERS as  his anger strikes  out at the  building. The tops\
floors burn, and then explode.  The explosion rips down the  building,\
slowing, slowing, then stopping.\
\
THOUSANDS of SMITHS  are gazing up  at the building,  concentrating on\
combating NEO\uc0\u65533 s attack.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ROOF\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
GREGORY sees the building exploding,  and runs. He smashes through  an\
access door.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. STAIRWAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
GREGORY hurtles down the stairs, one at a time.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. METACORTEX BUILDING\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE building is frozen, mid-explosion.  TONS of pieces hanging in  the\
air, suspended only by frozen tendrils  of fire and arms of smoke  and\
debris.\
\
THE SMITHS attack NEO. They fight  in a massive melee, dying in  mass.\
Meanwhile, the METACORTEX building pulls back together, the damage and\
flame disappearing as time/space around it is reversed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                                                CUT TO:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ROOFTOP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: AGENT BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
With  his hand  on his  ear piece,  he comes  out the  elevator door,\
slowly. Pistol drawn, he looks around the corner.\
\
MORPHEUS and NIOBE stand there, their backs to him.\
\
Without hesitating, he advances on them, blasting away with impunity.\
\
THE BODIES of MORPHEUS and  NIOBE are wracked by gunfire  and collapse\
in a heap of bullet-ravaged flesh.\
\
BROWN  walks  up  to the  corpses  and  kicks one  with  his  shoe. It\
shimmers, and then disappears, followed by the other.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              RAZOR dials the phone. MORPHEUS picks up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                            MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Yes."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "They\uc0\u65533 re hitting your ghosts."\
\
             MASSIVE attack of STATIC bursts on the line.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "What the - "\
\
                         THE LINE goes dead.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ROOFTOP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
MORPHEUS looks  at the  phone and  redials. RAZOR  comes through,  his\
voice digitized and distorted.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
     "They\uc0\u65533 re cutting comes, get to the access point on Laxe - "\
\
                         THE line goes dead.\
\
MORPHEUS signals to NIOBE. They exit the roof as he dials TRINITY\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. EMPTY BUILDING\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
CHOI and TRINITY hide  in the shadows of  an empty room, watching  the\
battle. TRINITY\uc0\u65533 S cell rings. She answers silently.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                            MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "Let\uc0\u65533 s go. Laxe Three."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "What about Neo?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                            MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
     "We can do nothing to help him. We\uc0\u65533 ll only get in his way."\
\
                         THEY leave the room.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. LOBBY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
GREGORY stumbles  into the  lobby. Slumbering  bodies lie  everywhere,\
slumped over desks, half-in chairs, on the ground.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. PLAZA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
HE exits into the street. The scene is one from HELL.\
\
UNDER the neon  sky, fires are  frozen and smoke  columns hang in  the\
air, still, like massive tree trunks.\
\
The battle rages and surges,  a thousand SMITHS pouring onto  one NEO.\
All around, nearly covering the ground, are corpses, destroyed  bodies\
abandoned  by the  agent. Men  and women,  of all  ages and  designs,\
smashed, decapitated and broken.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE SMITHS overwhelm him  with sheer numbers. NEO  is a blur, a  human\
chainsaw now,  crushing or  smashing them  all, but  they crowd on all\
sides. The bodies pile up as they fall, and NEO finds himself stepping\
up the rubbery mass of corpses. A few more smashed SMITHS fall,  morph\
back into their stolen forms, and NEO is KNEE-DEEP IN THE DEAD.\
\
He can\uc0\u65533 t take it. Choking, NEO struggles to free himself. SMITHS climb\
up the corpse pile and drop onto him, pounding viciously. NEO  stalls,\
in shock, his eyes  locked with the lifeless  blue eyes of a  woman he\
just killed. She looks amazingly like TRINITY.\
\
Perhaps for the first time, he is confronted with the consequences  of\
this war, and his mind seizes as the Smiths pummel him.\
\
NEO goes  berzerk! SCREAMING  and fighting,  he claws  his way out and\
surges into the wall of agents. They throw him back, and he can\uc0\u65533 t kill\
them fast  enough. HE  leaps upward,  trying to  fly away,  but Smiths\
cling on to him, and cling on to each other.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. PLAZA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
NEO struggles to  fly, and as  he does, he\uc0\u65533 s  pulling a stalagtite  of\
black suits, clinging like iron filings on a magnet.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
HIS face  is wide  with fear  and shock.  He can\uc0\u65533 t  climb anymore, and\
looks back down at the mountain  of agents he\uc0\u65533 s pulling into the  air.\
His face  clenches shut  as a  scream wells  from deep  within him. He\
starts to glow, and we jump back to see:\
\
A MASSIVE orange, spherical shock  wave blasts away from his  body. It\
rebounds on the plaza and throws bodies upward, even as it blasts  the\
Smiths away, leaving him clean.\
\
EVERYTHING slows down  as NEO, exhausted,  tumbles out of  the sky. On\
his way down  through the neon  light, he passes  bodies flying upward\
from the  concussion. NEO  hits the  ground, bounces,  and lies still,\
sprawled,  as people  drop all  around him,  piling up,  like Satan\uc0\u65533 s\
snowfall.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ALLEY (MATRIX) DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE sky and Matrix are still  frozen. TRINITY and CHOI make their  way\
along cautiously, leapfrogging from cover to cover. They pause  behind\
a dumpster, and  just before looking  out, there\uc0\u65533 s the  sound of metal\
tapping metal, twice.\
\
TRINITY looks in  the direction of  the sound. MORPHEUS  and NIOBE are\
standing still in the shadows, near the end of the alley. TRINITY  AND\
CHOI make their way to them.\
\
TRINITY peeks  cautiously around  the edge.  On the  other side of the\
street is a phone booth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "Is it clear?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "I smell an ambush."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "Me too. Too quiet."\
\
                   CHOI grips his gun and grimaces.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
           "Too quiet? The world is frozen. I\uc0\u65533 ll go first."\
\
                        NO one likes the idea.\
\
REAL-TIME suddenly returns.  The lightning bolts  in the sky  suddenly\
re-animate, thundering out of existence, making the four of them  jump\
out of their skulls. The sounds of the city suddenly flood back.\
\
ON THE street, people stir to  their feet. Everyone is confused as  to\
what happened.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. PLAZA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
IT\uc0\u65533 S a sea of the dead. From its center, NEO emerges, soaked in blood,\
gagging and  gasping for  breath. He  stumbles over  them. Shocked and\
crazed, he glimpses the Metacortex building. It\uc0\u65533 s in one piece  again,\
unharmed.\
\
He falls against  a smashed corporate  art sculpture. He  picks a cell\
phone up from the ground and dials.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "Morpheus, pick up."\
\
We hear nothing but static.  Disgusted, NEO throws the phone  away. He\
falls against the sculpture and looks up. Coming around the corner  of\
the building is a group of agents and soldiers.\
\
NEO  sinks down,  staring at  his hands.  He catches  his breath  and\
concentrates.  The  blood  disappears,  and he  dons  the  suit  of an\
anonymous soldier in black. His face, too, seems to change.\
\
HE stands and walks away. We only see his back.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ALLEY - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THEY weigh their options. Finally, MORPHUES gives the nod to CHOI.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Go."\
\
CHOI checks his ammo and puts his guns under his coat. There are  lots\
of people on the streets now. Everyone\uc0\u65533 s in shock over what  happened,\
and the columns of smoke rising from the center of the city.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"And remember, kids, when you\uc0\u65533 re in a war, never volunteer yourself!"\
\
HE walks out  onto the street,  eyeing the phone  booth and everything\
else. A  gorgeous Asian  businesswoman stumbles  into him. Recognition\
lights up her face and she stops him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 WOMAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "Choi? Oh my God, I haven\uc0\u65533 t seen you for months."\
\
       CHOI keeps looking around, making his way to the booth.\
\
                     "Oh yeah, sorry about that."\
\
                           SHE turns angry.\
\
         "Sorry about that? What kind of an asshole are you?"\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ALLEY (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
TRINITY is looking around the corner. She pulls back into the alley.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                "Casanova just ran into an old flame."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 WOMAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "No. Fuck you, Choi, you just think you can come and go when you\
                               please?"\
\
CHOI is ignoring her now, walking straight for the phone booth as  she\
is having a fit. Tears are welling in her enraged face.\
\
"Choi, if you have one shred of decency, if you even care about me - "\
\
Inexplicably, CHOI  hangs his  trench coat  on the  side of the booth.\
Standing behind it, he reaches  around with his arm, keeping  the coat\
between his body and the phone. The WOMAN doesn\uc0\u65533 t even notice the  web\
of gun harnesses and what looks like a ton of ammunition covering  the\
inside of the jacket.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 WOMAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  " - you\uc0\u65533 ll tell me why you don\u65533 t call, why you, you, what are you\
                               doing?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"The jacket stops fragmentation. Sometimes they bomb the phones. Kiss\
                            me for luck."\
\
HE grabs her to him and thrusts his mouth onto hers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: PHONE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
His hand grabs the phone. We hear the dialtone, and he mashes down one\
of the  numbers of  the keypad.  The number  tone rises  in pitch to a\
crescendo. WE pull back and:\
\
THE BOOTH EXPLODES. CHOI and the woman are bowled over by the flame.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ALLEY (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
They take  cover from  the blast  as people  all over  the street  are\
knocked flat.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE PHONE BOOTH is obliterated.  Miraculously, CHOI and the woman  are\
still under the cover of  the jacket. THROWING the smoking  jacket off\
them, CHOI screams in agony as  he grasps the smoldering stump of  his\
right shoulder. The arm is history.\
\
THE WOMAN looks on,  her eyes as wide  as dinner plates. Shaking,  she\
falls back, still staring.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "You weren\uc0\u65533 t lucky."\
\
MORPHEUS, NIOBE, and TRINITY rush to him, picking him up on his  feet.\
CHOI is  screaming and  laughing. Someone  grabs his  smoldering coat,\
dragging it along. CHOI stares at the ex-flame as they cart him  away.\
His eyes are crazy.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "You still want me to call you? Ha ha ha!"\
\
AS they struggle down the street, CHOI starts to walk more on his own.\
PEOPLE run from the scene, screaming.\
\
                        CU - the four of them.\
\
MORPHUES looks  at something  off-screen and  frowns. HE  pulls to the\
left.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "This way."\
\
TANKS and  TROOPS are  filling into  the street  ahead of them, coming\
from around the corner.\
\
THEY turn onto a different  street. This street, too, is  filling with\
troops. Worse, it\uc0\u65533 s being lead by AGENT BROWN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "Tanks, or agents?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                               "Tanks."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "Yeah, tanks a lot."\
\
They break. CHOI stands on his own, and they run back onto the  street\
with the tanks.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: TANKS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THREE ABRAMS stop in the  street. Their turrets swing into  place with\
terrifying quickness and precision.\
\
AT ONCE,  they open  fire with  their main  cannons and machines guns.\
FIRE FLOWERS blaze from the death machines, sending a typhoon of  lead\
down the street.  Troops filed between  the tanks pull  their triggers\
and don\uc0\u65533 t let go. Everything in the street is shredded and blown away,\
as though it was hit by a high-power pressure hose.\
\
WITH UNEARTHLY  SPEED, EVERYONE  BREAKS for  the sides  of the street,\
except for CHOI. He stands amid  it all as the tracers come  closer to\
his body. He raises his machine  gun with his good arm, and  lays into\
the enemy.\
\
TRACER rounds kick away from  his gun, ripping straight back  into the\
wall  of soldiers.  His rounds  deflect off  the sloped  armor of  the\
tanks, recoils pile into the flesh  of troops. He rakes his fire  into\
the enemy bodies.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
TRACERS zoom in on  him. A tank round  blasts by, and the  wall of air\
kicks him to his side. He continues to fire even as a bullet, followed\
by  another, blasts  through the  middle of  his body.  More and  more\
bullets smack into  him, blasting chunks  of meat and  viscera out the\
back.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. STREET (MATRIX) DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
TRINITY and NIOBE  take one side  of the street,  running and shooting\
simultaneously. THEY reach  the buildings on  the side and  NIOBE goes\
STRAIGHT UP THE FA\uc0\u65533 ADE OF THE BUILDING, as TRINITY jumps from cover to\
cover, cart wheeling through tracer fire and bullets.\
\
ON  THE  OTHER side  of  the street,  MORPHEUS  goes straight  up  the\
building  fa\uc0\u65533 ade  and  starts  running  sideways,  completely  defying\
gravity, firing downward at the soldiers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: CHOI\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
HE WILL NOT FALL, and a hose of lead drills into him, taking his  body\
apart piece by piece. Bullets take away pieces of his head, neck,  and\
torso, and in one final wave of fire, he is disintegrated, leaving his\
machine gun, barrel  smoking, spinning in  the air, firing  still. The\
arm is still attached and finger  clenching on the trigger. It is  the\
last piece of CHOI to fall.\
\
MORPHEUS climbs  as he  runs. In  mid-stride he  changes magazines and\
stops, standing on the wall, his body parallel to the ground.\
\
On the other side of the street, NIOBE stands on the wall, blazing  at\
the mass of troops with two  guns that never cease. THERE is  no cover\
and  no reprieve  from the  DOUBLE DEATH  from above.  Most are  still\
firing down the street, or over toward TRINITY.\
\
TRINITY runs  up the  side of  the street.  Her guns  go empty and she\
dives behind a stoop as a squad of soldiers blazes away at her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: SOLDIER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
In slow motion, he  pulls a spoon from  a grenade. Somehow, the  metal\
ring reaches TRINITY\uc0\u65533 S ears.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
She slaps a magazine into her  pistol, pulls the action and comes  out\
from under cover just enough to see the soldier releasing the grenade.\
She fires, hitting the grenade. IT explodes directly over the group of\
soldiers, flattening them to the ground.\
\
A  BULLET smacks  through TRINITY\uc0\u65533 S  wrist, and  the hand  comes off,\
popping like the head off  a dandelion. Blood spurts from  the severed\
arteries, spraying the hand, with the pistol still in its grip.\
\
ABOVE THE STREET, MORPHEU AND  NIOBE leap for one another.  They catch\
each other\uc0\u65533 s arms, fifty feet  above the surviving enemy, and  spin in\
place, firing away. The tank commanders in their copulas blast  upward\
with their  machine guns,  but the  rounds miss  the spinning  couple.\
MORPHUES and NIOBE concentrate on the commanders, and cut them down.\
\
THEY land amidst  the carnage. TRINITY  emerges, shaken, pressing  her\
coat to her arm.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The other end of the street fills with soldiers, and AGENT BROWN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: AGENT BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
HE surveys the  scene, and immediately  draws and fires,  running full\
bore for the rebels.\
\
MORPHEUS, Niobe and TRINITY are too close to the tanks to be fired on,\
but the nearest one lunges at them. They climb up over concrete stoops\
and over  the side  of the  tank. They  sprint down  the street as the\
tanks turn their turrets behind them, searching.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "The garage, hurry!"\
\
THEY dive behind a corner as  a tank fires. Morpheus throws the  woman\
forward as the tank round hits  the edge of the building, blowing  the\
concrete and brick wall into a massive cloud of powder. Perhaps a  ton\
of rubble falls on Morpheus\uc0\u65533  legs. He drags himself forward. Niobe and\
Trinity grab his arms and haul him out of the rubble. Niobe shoots the\
lock off a steel door, and they pile into the building.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
AGENT BROWN  and his  men rush  into position  around the building the\
rebels are hiding in.\
\
\
Suddenly, an unimaginably powerful engine  starts, and as we stare  at\
the  garage door,  it explodes  outward. A  jet-black, hyped  COUNTACH\
explodes out onto the street, tires literally on fire as they throw up\
smoke. It cuts through a few  soldiers, hitting them in the knees,  as\
it rips up the street, the throttle going way too high.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. COUNTACH (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE street scene spins before them. TRINITY is at the wheel, a  broken\
and dusty MORPHEUS sitting next to  her. The tach is redlining as  the\
car rips up the street. Pedestrians dive for cover.\
\
TRINITY holds her wounded hand to her chest and drives one-handed.\
\
                               "Shift."\
\
MORPHEUS does so,  and the tires  squeal again when  she releases into\
second, then  third. In  a few  seconds they\uc0\u65533 re  over 60  on the  busy\
street.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Soldiers pick themselves up  just in time to  hear another engine -  a\
super powerful track bike, emerges from the burnt rubber smoke screen.\
A wheely bar on the back of the bike keeps it from flipping around the\
rear tire as it accelerates like a bullet out of a barrel. There isn\uc0\u65533 t\
even time to take a shot until she\uc0\u65533 s gone.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. COUNTACH (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THEY rocket up the entry to a highway, ripping past cars by driving up\
the breakdown lane.  Once they hit  a straightaway Trinity  floors it,\
and the speedo creeps up past 130 as they dodge in and out of cars.\
\
MORPHEUS grabs his twisted, folded legs. He was literally poured  into\
the seat. Concentrating, his face knotting in pain, he straightens the\
broken, fractured legs. He closes his eyes and concentrates.\
\
             The legs reform into straight, strong limbs.\
\
                      MORPHEUS grabs the wheel.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "Keep your foot on the gas. Heal thyself."\
\
TRINITY pulls her bleeding wound from her arm. Her face tightens,  and\
she closes her eyes, fervently concentrating, shutting the world  out,\
which  is  good,  as  they suffer  constant  close  calls  as Morpheus\
controls the wheel from his awkward spot.\
\
When she opens her eyes again, she grabs the wheel. With BOTH hands.\
\
MORPHEUS pulls out  his cell and  tries the line.  It\uc0\u65533 s still full  of\
static.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Any luck?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
               "None. They\uc0\u65533 ve killed city-wide comms."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
         "Then the agents are out of touch with each other."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "They can\uc0\u65533 t track us, but that gives them more time to destroy our\
exits, and find the Neb. We\uc0\u65533 ll try the desert. Communications might be\
                        working there still."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "What about Niobe?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "She knows to meet us there."\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. HIGHWAY (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
NIOBE\uc0\u65533 s bike sizzles down the highway, insanely lane splitting at over\
100 miles  per hour.  The wheely  bar is  folded up  against the  rear\
wheel. A dual  stream of vehicles  spit by her  like giant machine-gun\
bullets. She zooms out of view.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
GREGORY slows from a run. He looks back as police cars and  ambulances\
race toward  the Metacortex  building. He  can\uc0\u65533 t shake  what he\u65533 s just\
witnessed. He looks forward, only to run into:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             GREGORY freezes, then bursts into questions.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "What the fuck just happened?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
         "We need you, Gregory. Will you help us stop this?"\
\
          GREGORY is perplexed. Resolve comes over his face.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "I can stop this?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Yes."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                 "Alright. But how can I fight him?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                "I will give you the power you need."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. APARTMENT BUILDING (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE building is old, crumbling, and inside painted a horrid green that\
no sane person could find attractive. The humble place is home to  THE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 ORACLE.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
NEO exits an  elevator. Recomposed and  dressed normally, he  walks up\
and down the hall, trying to remember which apartment she lived in.\
\
A tall black woman, one of the Oracle\uc0\u65533 s priestesses, comes out of  the\
stairwell and recognizes NEO.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                               PRIESTESS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Neo."\
\
HE turns  and looks  at her.  She smiles,  but as  Neo looks at her, a\
flash of uncertainty, and maybe hate, flies across her face before the\
smile returns.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                               PRIESTESS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                 "The Oracle is anxious to see you."\
\
NEO follows her into the familiar apartment. The windows are  covered,\
and NEO and the priestess are the only ones there. The Priestess moves\
into the dark kitchen.\
\
NEO\uc0\u65533 s eyes  adjust to  the darkness.  He hears  something squish as he\
steps, and looks down.\
\
The tattered rug  is a swamp  of dark, congealing  liquid. NEO reaches\
down and touches it with his fingertips. It\uc0\u65533 s half-dried blood.\
\
He stands, his eyes adjusted to  the dark now. The walls are  chipped,\
covered in bullet holes.\
\
In slow-motion, the entry door to the apartment opens. In walks  AGENT\
BROWN. NEO turns to the  kitchen. AGENTS SMITH and JONES  appear. They\
all draw their .45s.\
\
NEO stands  still as  they walk  up to  him and  put their guns to his\
head.\
\
                         AGENT SMITH scoffs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "I was on to you the whole time. I only came in here to isolate you,\
                           to destroy you."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "What are you waiting for?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "I realized, that I can\uc0\u65533 t destroy you - "\
\
                           HE nods at SMITH\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              " - without destroying the Matrix itself."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                 "You killed me too easy last time."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "And if you kill us - "\
\
                           HE nods at JONES\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                   "We\uc0\u65533 ll only come back like him."\
\
                         BROWN nods to SMITH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              "I know."\
\
   SMITH breathes deep, and drops his gun. The others follow suit.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                "So, why don\uc0\u65533 t you take it all down?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "The Matrix?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Yes."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "I can. But if I destroy the Matrix, everyone within it will die."\
\
                            SMITH snorts.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
        "I take it the great Morpheus failed to mention this?"\
\
       NEO looks up at him, but his expression doesn\uc0\u65533 t change.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "How many people are in it?"\
\
        SMITH holsters his weapon. He speaks matter-of-factly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "Six and a half billion."\
\
            FOR NEO, the numbers are too huge to imagine.\
\
                            BROWN scoffs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "Could you destroy us?"\
\
IT\uc0\u65533 S a serious question for Neo. But he nods. He knows his potential.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              "I could."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "What does that make you feel like? God?"\
\
                      HE is amused by the idea.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
        "This is getting tiresome. Where do we go from here?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "IF you cut the power that the Matrix supplies to your armies, I\uc0\u65533 ll\
                            let you live."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
      "Idiot. We don\uc0\u65533 t care about life, we care about victory."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Why?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
                       "So our kind... prevails."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "You mean, lives."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Who do you think started this war, boy? Your kind tried to kill us\
                               first."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
         "But you didn\uc0\u65533 t. You\u65533 re not as tough as you think."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "We\uc0\u65533 ll see."\
\
THE three agents, helpless to stop him, watch as he walks for the door\
of the apartment. NEO opens it,  and stops, his face meeting a  flying\
FIST. His vision  FLASHES with the  impact, and he  staggers back into\
the room, falling on his ass and rolling back onto his feet.\
\
              GREGOR steps into the room, tall and BAD.\
\
                         NEO holds up a hand.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
           "Stop! I don\uc0\u65533 t want to fight you! You\u65533 re human!"\
\
GREGORY  doesn\uc0\u65533 t  answer.  He  smashes  a  side-kick  into  NEO\u65533 s gut,\
doubling him over.\
\
THE kick carries  such an impact  that a pale  concussion wave flashes\
past Gregor. It sends NEO crashing out the window.\
\
GREGORY stands upright and moves to the window, followed by the  three\
agents. There\uc0\u65533 s nothing on the street, twenty stories below.\
\
The building  starts trembling.  We hear  rapid-fire impacts,  growing\
louder and coming faster.\
\
THE FLOOR EXPLODES  as NEO crashes  up through the  concrete, throwing\
the agents away as  he embraces GREGORY in  a bear hug. THEY  blast up\
through the ceiling. WE follow them up through three more floors, bam,\
bam, bam. Each concrete floor smashes GREGORY in the head.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. ROOFTOP (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
NEO and GREGORY SMASH through the roof, flying upward, like a missile,\
past us.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. SKY (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
HIS FACE is contorted in rage as he rockets upward. GREGORY is  barely\
conscious. Seeing this, NEO stops, and flings Gregory\uc0\u65533 s body violently\
earthward.\
\
NEO looks down as  the body falls toward  the city, thousands of  feet\
below. He turns away,  just as the distant  GREGORY is falling out  of\
sight. Just before he does, the speck of a person PULLS up, and  grows\
larger and larger as  it returns. A contrail  streaks behind him as  a\
rips through  the air.  FISTS FORWARD,  GREGORY is  like an MX missile\
bearing on NEO.\
\
NEO turns just in  time to catch BOTH  FISTS in his chest.  Like a cue\
ball striking another billiard,  all Gregor\uc0\u65533 s momentum is  transferred\
into Neo. Gregor stops dead in the air as Neo is hurtled out of view.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: GREGOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
HE is in  shock somehow as  he sees NEO  flying away. He  clenches his\
fists and flexes his body, then looks down.\
\
WE see the ground, thousands of feet below.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Holy shit!"\
\
FOR some  reason, he  starts to  fall. Even  as he  claws to  maintain\
altitude, his  rational mind  has caught  up with  him and  is somehow\
denying the fact that he can fly.\
\
As he\uc0\u65533 s  facing the  ground, NEO  slams into  him from above. Gripping\
Gregor by the neck and his  belt, he drives straight down. The  ground\
rushes, it takes  one second to  drop past a  50-story skyscraper. Neo\
slams  Gregor,  front first,  into  the concrete  sidewalk.  They bust\
through the sidewalk, into the sewer below.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. SEWER (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
NEO stands. Offscreen,  we can here  choking breaths. Neo  looks down.\
Gregor lies twisted on a concrete slab, impaled multiple times through\
the chest by snapped, rusty rebar.  He takes one last breath, and  his\
eyes half-close.\
\
NEO checks the pulse. Finding nothing, he leaps out of the hole.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CU: GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
HIS eyes  blink, and  he follows  NEO\uc0\u65533 s departure.  Choking, unable to\
breath with the rebar through him, he writhes. There\uc0\u65533 s nothing for him\
to grab to pull himself off the steel.\
\
His eyes clenched  shut, Gregor levitates,  by force of  will, pulling\
his body off the rebar.  The corrugated bars make wet,  sucking sounds\
as the pull through his body.  Finally, he gets to a twisted  piece of\
bar, and can\uc0\u65533 t make it over. He\u65533 s losing all his breath, all his  life\
force, over one piece of twisted steel protruding from his chest.\
\
WITH one  last, wiggling  effort, he  works it  through him. HIS mouth\
opens wide, but no sounds emit, lest he recall Neo. Just as the end of\
the steel bar enters his body and we can\uc0\u65533 t take any more,\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                                                CUT TO:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. DESERT HIGHWAY (MATRIX) - SUNSET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE Countach and bike  zip down a long,  perfectly flat empty road.  A\
brown sunset plagues the horizon. There is no civilization in sight.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. COUNTACH (MATRIX) - SUNSET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
MORPHEUS tries his cell again. This time, it reaches the Neb.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
RAZOR and CIRCA are both operating the consoles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Operator."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                            MORPHEUS (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                  "Good to hear you\uc0\u65533 re still there."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "Jesus, you too. Where the fuck are you?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"About two hundred miles east of the city, on highway 315. We need an\
                                exit."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "Coming up on your left, ten miles, a rest stop."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. COUNTACH (MATRIX) - SUNSET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                  "I don\uc0\u65533 t remember an exit there."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "Gimme five minutes."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Out."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK (NIGHT)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
RAZOR clears the  screen in front  of him and  cracks his fingers.  He\
looks at Circa.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 CIRCA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "They\uc0\u65533 re OK?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
           "Gotta get \uc0\u65533 em out. They need an exit program."\
\
CU: Keyboard.  RAZOR\uc0\u65533 S fingers  fly at  inhuman speeds  over the keys.\
Data  pours down  the console  as he  blazes away.  Finally, he  hits\
\uc0\u65533 enter\u65533  so hard it rocks the station.\
\
RAZOR  turns to  Circa as  Matrix code  resumes its  cascade down  the\
screens.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "Yes! Did you like that?"\
\
                      CIRCA just rolls her eyes.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. COUNTACH (MATRIX) SUNSET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
            MORPHEUS\uc0\u65533  phone rings. He answers. It\u65533 s Razor.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Exit ready sir."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "Check the phone for bombs."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
           CIRCA looks over some data and shakes her head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 CIRCA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "It\uc0\u65533 s clear."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. COUNTACH (MATRIX) - SUNSET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                              RAZOR (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "It\uc0\u65533 s all set. There\u65533 s a pair of cops at the rest stop, though."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "Not a problem."\
\
THE Countach pulls into  the meager rest stop,  not more than a  water\
fountain, toilet house and phone booth.\
\
A police cruiser sits, lights off, waiting to intercept speeders.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. REST STOP (MATRIX) - SUNSET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THE Countach skids  to a stop,  kicking up a  massive dust cloud  that\
hides the  car. We  hear the  door slide,  and the  massive black-clad\
figure of MORPHEUS emerges from the dust.\
\
                 An Uzi in each hand, pointed at US.\
\
THE COP behind the wheel is too slow to draw, call for backup, or even\
duck for cover. The safety glass is destroyed as gunfire rips  through\
it, chewing the cop to pieces. His body thrashes in the seat.\
\
MORPHEUS turns away. NIOBE pulls up on her bike and gets off,  slowly,\
obviously the ride had been  a long one. Trinity joins  them. Morpheus\
stops.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             "I thought Razor said their were two cops."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. BATHROOM HOUSE (MATRIX) - SUNSET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
A ROOKIE cop, his  face to young for  a razor, is shaking  as he peeks\
through a crack in the door, through which he sees the terrorists  who\
just wasted his partner. He finishes buckling his pants, and draws his\
service pistol, only to shake in pain as his body morphs.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
RAZOR and CIRCA see the agent morph as the code flies down the screen.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Fuck, fuck fuck!"\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. REST STOP (MATRIX) - SUNSET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
THEY smell something\uc0\u65533 s wrong. They  move, back to back in  a triangle,\
for the  phone booth,  weapons draw  and looking  in all  direction at\
once.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "Niobe, you first."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                      "Bullshit, it\uc0\u65533 s my turn."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "Junior ranks leave first."\
\
TRINITY enters the booth as the phone starts ringing.\
\
It\uc0\u65533 s the moment Smith was waiting for.\
\
HE BURSTS  out of  the door,  gun firing  at the  booth. Inside, glass\
shatters, and blood sprays as  Trinity is riddled with bullets.  Smith\
doesn\uc0\u65533 t stop. He sprays for an eternity, even firing as she collapses,\
phone still ringing. Her body slumps, smearing blood against the booth\
door as it shuts from her weight.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK (NIGHT)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
TRINITY\uc0\u65533 S body spasms violently against her harness as her life  signs\
go berserk.  She\uc0\u65533 s not  dead, but  death is  only seconds  away. Circa\
screams, but Razor is locked, staring at the screen with the intensity\
from which he derived his name.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. REST STOP (MATRIX) - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
MORPHEUS and NIOBE open fire. Smith shudders, flickers violently, his\
body moving too fast to follow as the two rebels empty their clips at\
 him. The actions of the guns stop in the open position, barrels and\
empty chambers smoking, as the last empty shells patter to the ground.\
\
MORPHEUS throws the guns down and turns to Niobe.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                            "Get her out."\
\
NIOBE dives for  the shattered booth,  kicking away the  starred glass\
and  answering  the  ringing  phone.  She  pulls  it  down,  and hauls\
Trinity\uc0\u65533 s destroyed body up, placing the phone to her ear.\
\
TRINITY\uc0\u65533 S head merely sags lifelessly to one side.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 NIOBE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
      "Come on! Go through, Trinity! God damnit don\uc0\u65533 t give up!"\
\
TRINITY\uc0\u65533 S  eyes   flicker.  She   focuses  on   Niobe,  summoning  her\
consciousness enough to make the  phase back into the real  world. She\
starts to fade as we cut to:\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK (NIGHT)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
CIRCA stands over  Trinity as the  rebels blue eyes  flutter open. Her\
whole body goes into a seizure and she chokes and screams as she grabs\
Circa.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 CIRCA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                     "You\uc0\u65533 re safe, you\u65533 re safe!"\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. REST STOP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
MORPHEUS charges SMITH.  Smith ignores reloads  him, and sights  in on\
the exposed back of Niobe as she is reaching up to put the phone  back\
on the  hook. As  the sights  rest right  between her shoulder blades,\
Morpheus grabs his gun with both hands. He squeezes off one shot,  the\
action freeze  back on  an empty  chamber, before  Morpheus throws his\
hands up in the air\
\
The shot ricochets clips Niobe\uc0\u65533 s ear and ricochets off the booth.  She\
hangs up the phone and touches the blood of her ear. The phone  rings.\
She looks at it, then back at Morpheus and Smith, raising dust as they\
fight.\
\
She leaves the ringing phone and runs to join the fight.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
RAZOR pounds the edge of the console as he watches the screen.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "Crazy mothers!"\
\
CIRCA has  removed Trinity\uc0\u65533 s  interface, but  she\u65533 s having  a seizure.\
Circa can barely hold her down as she uses her teeth to rip the  cover\
off a wicked hypo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "What\uc0\u65533 s wrong with her?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 CIRCA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             "Her body\uc0\u65533 s dying but her mind won\u65533 t quit."\
\
CIRCA straddles her and plunges the massive needle into her chest.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. REST STOP (MATRIX)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Morpheus and  Smith clash  in the  dust -  punches, kicks,  and blocks\
coming too  fast to  see. Smith  is wailing  on Morpheus, but Morpheus\
sneaks in a  kick that separates  them. They take  stances a good  two\
distances away. They\uc0\u65533 re about to go at it again when:\
\
NIOBE sprints  into the  fight. Performing  a flying  leap kick, Smith\
grabs her  and swings  her down,  crashing her  body into the concrete\
with a sickening crack-thud. She rolls, fighting the pain, as Morpheus\
flies  back into  action, catching  the agent  with a  furious ass  of\
swinging kicks.\
\
Niobe grits back the pain and rejoins her love. Together they  assault\
the agent, their speed almost, almost equaling his, their will  capped\
by the limits of their Matrix-bending powers. Finally, Smith resurges.\
He  lands  a punch  into  Niobe\uc0\u65533 s stomach,  and  her body  folds  over\
unnaturally, as if her back is broken. She crumples to the deck, blood\
pouring from her mouth.\
\
MORPHEUS screams and brings a hammer blow down on the back of  Smith\uc0\u65533 s\
neck,  smashing  the  agent\uc0\u65533 s  face  down  and  imprinting  it  in the\
concrete. For a  moment, Smith is  still. Morpheus collects  Niobe and\
runs for the phone booth, which is still ringing.\
\
IT\uc0\u65533 S too far. Smith grabs him around the knees, spilling him  forward.\
Man handling him like he weighs nothing, Smith gets on top of him  and\
starts smashing his fists down into Morpheus\uc0\u65533  face.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
          "I should have killed you the first chance I had."\
\
Like an enraged silverback, he raises his fists together for one final\
blow. But  instead of  striking, his  eyes catch  something. He  flips\
back, jumping, as a silver streak cuts through the air, a split second\
too  slow to  cut the  agent\uc0\u65533 s head  off. Instead,  it slices  cleanly\
through the triceps of the raised arms, leaving nick on the throat.\
\
RAZOR, dressed in a black kimono and wielding two katanas, steps  over\
Morpheus as  he pursues  the agent.  Smith rolls  backwards, gains his\
footing, and retreats from the  swirling blades of death. He  turns to\
Morpheus:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Go!"\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
RAZOR is strapped into one of the interface chairs, his eyes closed.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. REST STOP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
HALF-DEAD MORPHEUS drags NIOBE to the booth.\
\
Behind them, Agent Smith backs away from RAZOR\uc0\u65533 S dual blades, on long,\
one short. Whenever Razor attacks,  Smith backs away. They circle  one\
another.\
\
                MORPHEUS puts Niobe through the phone.\
\
                      RAZOR forces Smith around.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "Come on, tough guy, come got some Razor."\
\
SMITH frowns  and moves  forward, but  the whistling  edge of  a blade\
makes him  think twice.  RAZOR holds  the short  sword parallel to the\
ground, the long sword straight up. He hides his eyes behind the short\
sword.\
\
SMITH\uc0\u65533 s back is against the sunset. The sun drops below a cloud.\
\
RAZOR flashes  the light  off his  short blade,  directly into Smith\uc0\u65533 s\
eyes, blinding him as he strikes with the long sword.\
\
SMITH, blinded, turns and backs away. RAZOR attacks.\
\
IN the  booth, Niobe  is gone.  MORPHEUS hangs  up the  phone. He  can\
barely stand up enough to reach the handset. When it rings he picks it\
up. But he doesn\uc0\u65533 t disappear.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "Reload me."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 CIRCA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                             "All right."\
\
SHE punches  some keys.  MORPHEUS\uc0\u65533  3-D  avatar flashes  on a  console,\
along with a massive array of weapons.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. BOOTH (MATRIX) - SUNSET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
MORPHEUS disappears for a second, then reappears. Now he is  perfectly\
clean, and immaculately dressed. He replaces his sunglasses and  kicks\
through  the remains  of the  booth, walking  toward the  fight as  he\
produces new weapons, heavy with ammo, from his long coat.\
\
RAZOR keeps  swinging at  SMITH -  and missing.  Seeing his chance, he\
runs back for the ringing  phone. SMITH pursues, almost on  RAZOR when\
the neo-samurai jumps in the  air and pirouhettes, swinging one  sword\
after another, like a helicopter blade from Hell.\
\
IN the liquid  world of slo-mo,  the short sword  cuts through Smith\uc0\u65533 s\
outstretched fingers, sending them  flying. The long sword  grazes his\
forearm, cutting through the fabric  and taking off a slice  of flesh.\
The tip of  the sword slices  through his suit,  cutting his tie  off,\
digging about an inch into his torso.\
\
SMITH collapses into the dust, his  face a mask of blood and  dust. He\
doesn\uc0\u65533 t try to get up.\
\
RAZOR passes MORPHEUS, who backs up to the ringing phone booth.  Razor\
goes  through first.  MORPHEUS keeps  his eyes  and weapon  locked on\
SMITH, who  makes no  attempt to  pursue. He  stands calmly,  and in a\
dignified manner, wipes dust off  his clothing as he watches  Morpheus\
step into the booth, and replace the phone.\
\
It rings. One hand on the receiver, Morpheus stares back at Smith.\
\
SMITH stands there, not attempting to pursue. Morpheus pauses,  taking\
advantage of the chance to observe his deadly enemy.\
\
SMITH stares at the booth for a second. Emotion twists his face, first\
anger,  then  perhaps  sadness.  He\uc0\u65533 s lost.  He\u65533 ll  be  in  the Matrix\
forever.\
\
With a quicksilver flash,  his body reverts back  to the shape of  the\
rookie cop.\
\
THE young  man is  left standing  there. He  is filthy,  bloody, badly\
sliced up, and the fingers of one hand are missing. He looks around at\
the carnage  as his  mouth simply  opens and  closes, reflexively,  in\
shock. He focuses on Morpheus.\
\
The rebel answers the phone and disappears, leaving the cop, his  body\
broken and his mind blown.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
CIRCA helps MORPHEUS off the interface chair. Razor is triumphant.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "Did you see that? We beat him! A fucking agent! He gave up!"\
\
MORPHEUS, unflappable, rises and rushes to the operations consoles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "Where is Neo?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 CIRCA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Haven\uc0\u65533 t heard from him. The city is still cut off from the rest of\
                             the Matrix."\
\
   MORPHEUS appears enraged. He looks at Neo, supine on his chair.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
      "Why does it still exist? Why hasn\uc0\u65533 t he destroyed it yet?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                          "Maybe he can\uc0\u65533 t."\
\
 TRINITY is sitting on the edge of her interface chair, looking like\
                                hell.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                 "Is he even alive? Is he captured?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "Last we saw he was trying to blow up the building. Haven\uc0\u65533 t locked\
                           onto him since."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                           "What? Why not?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 CIRCA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
    "Call me crazy, but I think he\uc0\u65533 s masking his own displacement\
                             signature."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                 RAZOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"His carrier signal just goes nowhere. But there is data going back\
                             and forth."\
\
MORPHEUS  stares at  the data  on the  screens. The  Matrix lives.  He\
pushes Razor out of the way, and starts hacking at the keyboard at  an\
incredible rate. It\uc0\u65533 s obvious Morpheus can handle computers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
               "I found him once. I\uc0\u65533 ll find him again."\
\
We  go deeper  into the  miasma of  green symbols,  swallowed by  the\
blackness of the screen, and emerge into:\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. PENTHOUSE APARTMENT (MATRIX) - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The apartment is luxuriously laid out and furnished. Gregory sits on a\
leather couch, watching  whatever on the  tube with the  sound off. He\
absentmindedly  manipulates a  quarter over  and around  his fingers.\
Finally, he stops and looks at the quarter.\
\
Holding it between his  thumb and forefinger, he  folds it in half  as\
though it was a disk of bubble  gum. He folds it again, then rools  it\
as though it\uc0\u65533 s a musket ball.\
\
Chandra enters the living room and collapses on the couch. She reaches\
points the remote at the TV, but Gregory puts his hand over it to  get\
her attention.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
        "So, you really don\uc0\u65533 t have any idea how you got here?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                CHANDRA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
               "No. I only remember being on the bike."\
\
                            GREGORY sighs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Yeah, you took a pretty good knock on the head. Do you know how we\
                           got this place?"\
\
                      She looks at him, annoyed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                CHANDRA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
            "Duh. We broke in. We don\uc0\u65533 t own a penthouse."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                GREGORY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "What if I said we did?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                CHANDRA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                       "I\uc0\u65533 d say you\u65533 re insane."\
\
She finally gets the remote and changes the channel. The volume  comes\
on, louder and  infinitely more tinny  and obnoxious than  anything in\
life. Chandra laughs at the images as Gregory stares into space.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. BURNT-OUT CATHEDRAL (MATRIX) - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
NEO sits with his back against a blackened brick wall, staring  ahead.\
He\uc0\u65533 s  in the  belfry of  an ancient,  destroyed cathedral,  among the\
pigeon nests, soot, and bird crap.\
\
FROM here, in  downtown, we can  see the modern,  uptown section, with\
its  gleaming  skyscrapers. METACORTEX  still  stands, illuminated  by\
searchlights.\
\
NEO sits and broods. Isolated, his world turned upside down and  right\
side out in less than a week, his mind and spirit are a blank.\
\
Again, he tries his cell phone.  Static. He collapses it and puts  it.\
Just as it leaves his mind, it rings. The face flips open.\
\
NEO puts it to his ear without speaking.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                            MORPHEUS (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "Neo."\
\
              NEO\uc0\u65533 S grim expression is melted by relief.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
       "Morpheus! Holy shit! You won\uc0\u65533 t believe what happened."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                              "I know."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
           "I couldn\uc0\u65533 t do it. Morpheus, there\u65533 s a problem."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
       MORPHEUS has the headset on. He stands and surveys NEO.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
            "Yes, there is a problem. The Matrix exists."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. BURNT-OUT CATHEDRAL (MATRIX) - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                  NEO\uc0\u65533 S relief fades into confusion.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                         "I know. I\uc0\u65533 m sorry."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                            MORPHEUS (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                        "And the problem is..."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Uh, it\uc0\u65533 s impossible. If the Matrix is destroyed, the people within\
the system will die. They will all die. There has to be a different\
                                way."\
\
                      MORPHEUS doesn\uc0\u65533 t respond.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                    "Morpheus? Did you know this?"\
\
We  hear  nothing. NEO  can  hear his  own  heart beating.  Anger  and\
confusion add to the already heavy mental burden he carries.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                            MORPHEUS (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
              "I didn\uc0\u65533 t say things would be easy, Neo."\
\
        NEO sinks to the ground, shocked. He shakes his head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                                "No."\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
MORPHEUS isn\uc0\u65533 t happy about what he has to tell his prot\u65533 g\u65533 , but  there\
is no bending his will. The others look on soberly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
   "Neo, the Matrix... it\uc0\u65533 s not real. And it\u65533 s up to you to end it."\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. BURNT-OUT CATHEDRAL (MATRIX) - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
NEO can\uc0\u65533 t stand the reality of the situation. He\u65533 s coming apart.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
  "No, Morpheus, this can\uc0\u65533 t be! We can\u65533 t do this! We have to get the\
                             people out."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                            MORPHEUS (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
 "Even if we could somehow get to them without cutting through their\
defenses, there\uc0\u65533 s no way we can rehabilitate billions of people. They\
                 wouldn\uc0\u65533 t even want to be woken up."\
\
                            Neo is silent.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                            MORPHEUS (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                  "You can do it. You can free us."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                  NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
             "Why me? Why the fuck do I have to do this?"\
\
                 MORPHEUS is silent for a long while.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Everyone is watching  Morpheus, and no  one can quite  believe what is\
happening.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
"You know what needs to be done. Time is short. Make up your mind. The\
only way you\uc0\u65533 re getting out of the Matrix is through its destruction."\
\
                    Morpheus kills the connection.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. BURNT-OUT CATHEDRAL (MATRIX) - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Neo hears the line click dead. He can\uc0\u65533 t believe what has happened.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INT. MAIN DECK - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
MORPHEUS drops the headset on  the operations console. He types  a few\
commands on the keyboard, then addresses the crew.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                                MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
                  "No one goes in. He\uc0\u65533 s on his own."\
\
                       He leaves the main deck.\
\
Trinity stares at Neo for a moment, her face fighting for composure No\
one looks at her. She walks away, then leans against the bulkhead, her\
body shaking.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 EXT. BURNT-OUT CATHEDRAL (MATRIX) - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Neo closes the cell  phone. He reaches to  tuck it away, then  pauses,\
looking at it. He drops it to the ground and walks on.\
\
He stands out on   a finger of crumbling   church, the night air   all\
around him.  The  city  lights are   alive below.  He  focuses  on the\
Metacortex building. Leaving  him there, we  rush to it  until we dive\
into the dark  shadows  of the  very building,  going  microscopically\
close, until the  darkness gives way  to the glowing  green miasma  of\
quantum  code.  It  fills  the  screen  before  we  bust  through into\
darkness again.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 THE MATRIX\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
\
					Written by\
\
				Larry and Andy Wachowski\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
					April 8, 1996\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	FADE IN ON:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	COMPUTER SCREEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	So close it has no boundaries.\
\
	A blinking cursor pulses in the electric darkness like a\
	heart coursing with phosphorous light, burning beneath\
	the derma of black-neon glass.\
\
	A PHONE begins to RING, we hear it as though we were \
	making the call.  The cursor continues to throb,\
	relentlessly patient, until --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MAN (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hello?\
\
	Data now slashes across the screen, information flashing\
	faster than we read.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SCREEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Call trans opt:  received.\
			2-19-96  13:24:18  REC:Log>\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					WOMAN (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'm inside.  Anything to report?\
\
	We listen to the phone conversation as though we were on\
	a third line.  The man's name is CYPHER.  The woman, \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	TRINITY.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Let's see.  Target left work at\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 			5:01 PM.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SCREEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Trace program:  running.\
\
	The entire screen fills with racing columns of numbers.\
	Shimmering like green-electric rivets, they rush at a 10-\
	digit phone number in the top corner.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He caught the northbound Howard \
			line. Got off at Sheridan.  \
			Stopped at 7-11.  Purchased six-\
			pack of beer and a box of Captain \
			Crunch.  Returned home.\
\
	The area code is identified.  The first three numbers\
	suddenly fixed, leaving only seven flowing columns.\
\
	We begin MOVING TOWARD the screen, CLOSING IN as each \
	digit is matched, one by one, snapping into place like\
	the wheels of a slot machine.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			All right, you're relieved.  Use\
			the usual exit.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do you know when we're going to\
			make contact?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Soon.\
\
	Only two thin digits left.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Just between you and me, you don't \
			believe it, do you?  You don't \
			believe this guy is the one?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I think Morpheus believes he is.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I know.  But what about you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I think Morpheus knows things that\
			I don't.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yeah, but if he's wrong --\
\
	The final number pops into place --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Did you hear that?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hear what?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SCREEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Trace complete.  Call origin:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 			#312-555-0690\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Are you sure this line is clean?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yeah, course I'm sure.\
\
	We MOVE STILL CLOSER, the ELECTRIC HUM of the green \
	numbers GROWING INTO an OMINOUS ROAR.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I better go.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER (V.O.) \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yeah.  Right.  See you on the other side.\
\
	She hangs up as we PASS THROUGH the numbers, entering the\
	netherworld of the computer screen.\
\
	Where gradually the sound of a police radio grows around \
	us.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					RADIO (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Attention all units.  Attention\
			all units.\
\
	Suddenly, a flashlight cuts open the darkness and we find\
	ourselves in --\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  CHASE HOTEL - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The hotel was abandoned after a fire licked its way \
	across the polyester carpeting, destroying several rooms \
	as it spooled soot up the walls and ceiling leaving \
	patterns of permanent shadow.\
\
	We FOLLOW four armed POLICE officers using flashlights as \
	they creep down the blackened hall and ready themselves\
	on either side of room 303.\
\
	The biggest of them violently kicks in the door --\
\
	The other cops pour in behind him, guns thrust before\
	them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					BIG COP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Police!  Freeze!\
\
	The room is almost devoid of furniture.  There is a fold-\
	up table and chair with a phone, a modern, and a powerbook \
	computer.  The only light in the room is the glow of the\
	computer.\
\
	Sitting there, her hands still on the keyboard, is \
	TRINITY; a woman in black leather.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					BIG COP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Get your hands behind your head!\
\
	Trinity rises.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					BIG COP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hands behind your head!  Now!  Do\
			it!\
\
	She slowly puts her hands behind her head.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  CHASE HOTEL - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	A black sedan with tinted windows glides in through the \
	police cruisers.\
\
	AGENT SMITH and AGENT BROWN get out of the car.\
\
	They wear dark suits and sunglasses even at night.  They \
	are also always hardwired; small Secret Service earphones \
	in one ear, its cord coiling back into their shirt\
	collars.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Lieutenant?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					LIEUTENANT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Oh shit.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Lieutenant, you were given \
			specific orders --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					LIEUTENANT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'm just doing my job.  You gimme \
			that Juris-my dick-tion and you \
			can cran it up your ass.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The orders were for your protection.\
\
	The Lieutenant laughs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					LIEUTENANT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I think we can handle one little\
			girl.\
\
	Agent Smith nods to Agent Brown as they start toward the\
	hotel.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					LIEUTENANT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I sent two units.  They're \
			bringing her down now.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No, Lieutenant, your men are dead.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  CHASE HOTEL\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The Big Cop flicks out his cuffs, the other cops holding \
	a bead.  They've done this a hundred times, they know \
	they've got her, until the Big Cop reaches with the cuff \
	and Trinity moves --\
\
	It almost doesn't register, so smooth and fast, inhumanly \
	fast.\
\
	The eye blinks and Trinity's palm. snaps up and the nose \
	explodes, blood erupting.  The cop is dead before he\
	begins to fall.\
\
	And Trinity is moving again --\
\
	Seizing a wrist, misdirecting a gun, as a startled cop \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	FIRES --\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	A head explodes.\
\
	In blind panic, another airs his gun, the barrel, a fixed \
	black hole --\
\
	And FIRES --\
\
	Trinity twists out of the way, the bullet missing as she \
	reverses into a roundhouse kick, knocking the gun away.\
\
	The cop begins to scream when a jump kick crushes his \
	windpipe, killing the scream as he falls to the ground.\
\
	She looks at the four bodies.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Shit.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  CHASE HOTEL\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Brown enters the hotel, while Agent Smith heads for \
	the alley.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  CHASE HOTEL\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Trinity is on the phone, pacing.  The other end is \
	answered.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MAN (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Operator.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morpheus!  The link was traced!  I\
			don't know how.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I know.  Stay calm.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Are there any agents?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Goddamnit!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You have to focus.  There is a \
			phone.  Wells and Laxe.  You can\
			make it.\
\
	She takes a deep breath, centering herself.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			All right --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Go.\
\
	She drops the phone.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	She bursts out of the room as Agent Brown enters the hall,\
	leading another unit of police.  Trinity races to the \
	opposite end, exiting through a broken window onto the \
	fire escape.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  FIRE E5CAPE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	In the alley below, Trinity sees Agent Smith staring at \
	her.  She can only go up.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  ROOF\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	On the roof, Trinity is running as Agent Brown rises over \
	the parapet, leading the cops in pursuit.\
\
	Trinity begins to jump from one roof to the next, her \
	moverents so clean, gliding in and out of each jump,\
	contrasted to the wild jumps of the cops.\
\
	Agent Brown, however, has the same unnatural grace.\
\
	The METAL SCREAM of an EL TRAIN is heard and Trinity \
	turns to it, racing for the back of the building.\
\
	The edge falls away into a wide back alley.  The next \
	building is over 40 feet away, but Trinity's face is \
	perfectly calm, staring at some point beyond the other \
	roof.\
\
	The cops slow, realizing they are about to see something \
	ugly as Trinity drives at the edge, launching herself \
	into the air.\
\
	From above, the ground seems to flow beneath her as she \
	hangs in flight\
\
	Then hitting, somersaulting up, still running hard.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					COP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Motherfucker -- that's impossible!\
\
	They stare, slack-jawed, as Agent Brown duplicates the \
	move exactly, landing, rolling over a shoulder, up onto \
	one knee.\
\
	Just below the building are the runbling tracks of \
	riveted steel.  The TRAIN SCREECHES beneath her, a \
	rattling blur of gray metal.  Trinity junps, landing\
	easily.\
\
	She looks back just as Agent Brown hurls through the air \
	barely reaching the last car\
\
	Agent Brown stands, yanking out a gun.\
\
	Trinity is running hard as BULLETS WHISTLE past her head.\
\
	Ahead she sees her only chance, 50 feet beyond the point \
	where the train has begun to turn, there is --\
\
	A window; a yellow glow in the midst of a dark brick\
	building.\
\
	Trinity zeroes in on it, running as hard as she can, her \
	speed compounded by the train.  The SCREAM of the STEEL \
	rises as she nears the edge where the train rocks into the\
	turn.\
\
	Trinity hurtles into the empty night space, her body \
	leveling into a dive.  She falls, arms covering her head\
	as --\
\
	The whole world seems to spin on its axis --\
\
	And she crashes with an EXPLOSION of GLASS and WOOD, then \
	falls onto a back stairwell, tumbling, bouncing down\
	stairs bleeding, broken --\
\
	But still alive.\
\
	Through the smashed window, she glimpses Agent Brown,\
	still on the train, his tie and coat whipping in the\
	wind; stone-faced, he touches his ear piece as the train \
	slides him past the window.\
\
	Trinity tries to move.  Everything hurts.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Get up, Trinity.  You're fine.\
			Get up -- just get up!\
\
	She stands and limps down the rest of the stairs.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  STREET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Trinity emerges from the shadows of an alley and, at the \
	end of the block, in a pool of white street light, she\
	sees it.\
\
	The telephone booth.\
\
	Obviously hurt, she starts down the concrete walk,\
	focusing in completely, her pace quickening, as the PHONE\
	begins to RING.\
\
	Across the street, a garbage truck suddenly u-turns, its \
	TIRES SCREAMING as it accelerates.\
\
	Trinity sees the headlights on the truck arcing at the\
	telephone booth as if taking aim.\
\
	Gritting through the pain, she races the truck --\
\
	Slamming into the booth, the headlights blindingly\
	bright, bearing down on the box of Plexiglas just as --\
\
	She answers the phone.\
\
	There is a frozen instant of silence before the hulking \
	mass of dark metal lurches up onto the sidewalk --\
\
	Barreling through the booth, bulldozing it into a brick\
	wall, smashing it to Plexiglas pulp.\
\
	After a moment, a black loafer steps down from the cab of \
	the garbage truck.  Agent Smith inspects the wreckage.\
	There is no body.  Trinity is gone.\
\
	His jaw sets as he grinds his molars in frustration.\
	AGENT JONES walks up behind him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Did you get anything from the\
			room?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Their next target.  The name is\
			Neo.\
\
	The handset of the pay phone lays on the ground,\
	separated in the crash like a severed limb.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We'll need a search running.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It's already begun.\
\
	We are SUCKED TOWARDS the mouthpiece of the phone, CLOSER \
	and CLOSER, UNTIL the smooth gray plastic spreads out \
	like a horizon and the small HOLES WIDEN until we fall\
	through one --\
\
	Swallowed by the darkness that becomes --\
\
	A computer screen.\
\
	We are on-line, inside a chat room called "The Matrix." \
	It is an exklusive web-site where hackers hang out.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SCREEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			JACKON:  I heard Morpheus has been\
			on this board.\
			SUPERASTIC:  Morpheus doesn't even\
			exist and the Matrix is nothing \
			but an advertising gimmick 4 a new\
			game.\
			TIMAXE:  All I want to know is\
			Trinity really a girl?\
			LODIII:  87% of all women on line\
			are really men.\
			QUARK:  The Matrix is a euphemism \
			for the government.\
			SUPERASTIC:  No, The Matrix is the\
			system controlling our lives.\
			TIMAXE:  You mean MTV.\
			SUPERASTIC:  I mean Sega.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 			FOS4:  ALL HAIL SEGA!!!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	We drift back from the electric conversation entering --\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  NEO'S APARTMENT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	It is a studio apartirent that seems overgrown with\
	technology.\
\
	Weed-like cables coil everywhere, duct-taped into\
	thickets that wind up and around the legs of several\
	desks.\
\
	Tabletops are filled with cannibalized equipment that lay\
	open like an autopsied corpse.\
\
	We turn towards the center of this rat-nest of\
	technology, following the slurping and crunching of\
	cereal.  We pass an open box of Capln Crunch as we find --\
\
	NEO, a younger man who knows more about living inside a \
	computer than living outside one.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Fuckin' idiots don't know shit.\
\
	He finishes his cereal and is about to disconnect when an \
	anonynous message slices onto the screen.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SCREEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do you want to know what the\
			Matrix is, Neo?\
\
	Neo is frozen when he reads his name.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SCREEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			SUPERASTIC:  Who said that?\
			JACKON:  Who's Neo?\
			GIBSON:  This is a private board.\
\
			If you want to know, follow the\
			white rabbit.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What the hell...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SCREEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			TIMAXE:  Someone is hacking the\
			hackers!\
			FOS4:  It's Morpheus!!!!!\
			JACKON:  Identify yourself.\
\
			Knock, knock, Neo.\
\
	A chill runs down his spine and when someone KNOCKS on\
	his door he almost jumps out of his chair.\
\
	He looks at the door, then back at the computer but the\
	message is gone.\
\
	He shakes his head, not completely sure what happened.\
	Again, someone knocks.\
\
	Cautiously, Neo approaches the door.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					VOICE (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hey, Tommy-boy!  You in there?\
\
	Recognizing the voice, he relaxes and opens it.  ANTHONY,\
	who lives down the hall, is standing outside with a group\
	of friends.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What do you want, Anthony?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ANTHONY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I need your help, man.  Desperate.\
			They got me, man.  The shackles of \
			fascism.\
\
	He holds up the red notice that accompanies the Denver\
	boot.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You got the money this time?\
\
	He holds up two hundred dollars and Neo opens the door.\
	Anthony's girlfriend, DUJOUR, stops in front of Neo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You can really get that thing off,\
			right now?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ANTHONY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I told you, honey, he may look \
			like just another geek but this \
			here is all we got left standing \
			between Big Brother and the New\
			World Order.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  STREET\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	A police officer unlocks a yellow metal boot from the\
	wheel of an enormous oldsmobile.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  NEO'S APARTMENT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	They watch from the window as the cops, silently,\
	robotically, climb into their van.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ANTHONY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Look at 'em.  Automatons.  Don't \
			think about what they're- doing or\
			why.  Computer tells 'em what to\
			do and they do it.\
\
					FRIEND #l\
			Thc banality of evil.\
\
	He slaps the money in Neo's hand.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ANTHONY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Thanks, neighbor.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Why don't you come to the party\
			with us?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I don't know.  I have to work\
			tomorrow.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					DUJOUR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Come on.  It'll be fun.\
\
	He looks up at her and suddenly notices on her black\
	leather motorcycle jacket dozens of pins:  bands,\
	symbols, slogans, military medals and --\
\
	A small white rabbit.\
\
	The ROOM TILTS.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yeah, yeah.  Sure, I'll go.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  APARTMENT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	An older Chicago apartment; a series of halls connects a \
	chain of small high-ceilinged rooms lined with heavy\
	casements.\
\
	Smoke hangs like a veil, blurring the few lights there \
	are.\
\
	Dressed predominantly in black, people are everywhere,\
	gathered in cliques around pieces of furniture like\
	jungle cats around a tree.\
\
	Neo stands against a wall, alone, sipping from a bottle\
	of beer, feeling completely out of place, he is about to\
	leave when he notices a woman staring at him.\
\
	The woman is Trinity.  She walks straight up to him.\
\
	In the nearest room, shadow-like figures grind against\
	each other to the pneumatic beat of INDUSTRIAL MUSIC.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hello, Neo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How did you know that --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I know a lot about you.  I've been\
			wanting to meet you for some time.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Who are you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			My name is Trinity.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Trinity?  The Trinity?  The\
			Trinity that cracked the I.R.S.\
			Kansas City D-Base?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			That was a long time ago.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Gee-zus.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I just thought... you were a guy.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Most guys do.\
\
	Neo is a little embarrassed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do you want to go sorewhere and\
			talk?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No.  It's safe here and I don't\
			have much time.\
\
	The MUSIC is so loud they must stand very close, talking\
	directly into each other's ear.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			That was you on the board tonight.\
			That was your note, wasn't it?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I had to gamble that you would see\
			and they wouldn't.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Who wouldn't?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I can't explain everything to you.\
			I'm sure that it's all going to\
			seem very strange, but I brought\
			you here to warn you, Neo.  You\
			are in a lot of danger.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What?  Why?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			They're watching you.  Something\
			happened and they found out about\
			you.  Normally, if our target is\
			exposed we let it go.  But this\
			time, we can't do that.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I don't understand --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You came here because you wanted\
			to know the answer to a hacker's\
			question.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The Matrix.  What is the Matrix?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Twelve years ago I met a man, a\
			great man, who said that no one\
			could be told the answer to that\
			question.  That they had to see\
			it, to believe it.\
\
	Her body is against his; her lips very close to his ear.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He told me that no one should look\
			for the answer unless they have to\
			because once you see it,\
			everything changes.  Your life and\
			the world you live in will never\
			be the same.  It's as if you wake\
			up one morning and the sky is\
			falling.\
\
	There is a hypnotic quality to her voice and Neo feels\
	the words like a drug, seeping into him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The truth is out there, Neo.  It's\
			looking for you and it will find\
			you, if you want it to.\
\
	She takes hold of him with her eyes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			That's all I can tell you right\
			now.  Good-bye, Neo.  And good\
			luck.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Wait.  Who was it?  Who was the\
			man?\
\
	She leans close, her lips alrost touching his ear as she\
	whispers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You know who.\
\
	She turns and he watches her melt into the shifting wall\
	of bodies.\
\
	A SOUND RISES steadily, growing out of the music,\
	pressing in on Neo until it is all he can hear as we --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 							CUT TO:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  NEO'S APARTMENT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The sound is an ALARM CLOCK, slowly dragging Neo to\
	consciousness.  He strains to read the clock face:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	9:15 A.M.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Shitshitshit.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  SKYSCRAPER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The downtown office of CorTechs, a software development\
	company.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  CORTECHS OFFICE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The main offices are along each wall, the windows\
	overlooking downtown Chicago.\
\
	RHINEHEART, the ultimate company man, lectures Neo\
	without looking at him, typing at his computer\
	continuously.\
\
	Neo stares at two window cleaners on a scaffolding\
	outside, dragging their rubber squeegees down across the\
	surface of the glass.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					RHINEHEART\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You have a problem, Mr. Anderson.\
			You think that you're special.\
			You believe that somehow the rules\
			do not apply to you.\
\
	He stops, glancing over his glasses at Neo, who turns in\
	time.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					RHINEHEART\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Obviously, you are mistaken.\
\
	His long, bony fingers resume clicking the keyboard.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					RHINEHEART\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This company is one of the top\
			software companies in the world\
			because every single employee\
			understands that they are a part\
			of a whole.  Thus, if an employee\
			has a problem, the company has a\
			problem.\
\
	He turns again.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					RHINEHEART\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The time has come to make a \
			choice, Mr. Anderson.  Either you\
			choose to be at your desk on time\
			from this day forth, or you choose\
			to find yourself another job.  Do\
			I make myself clear?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yes, Mr. Rhineheart.  Perfectly\
			clear.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  NEO'S CUBICLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The entire floor looks like a human honeycomb, with a\
	labyrinth of cubicles structured around a core of\
	elevators.\
\
	Neo slumps down into his chair.  A TALL EMPLOYEE stands\
	up in the adjacent cubicle, leaning over the partition.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TALL EMPLOYEE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What did he say?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			If I was late again, I'm going to\
			be fired.\
\
	He smirks.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TALL EMPLOYEE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Well, it was nice working with\
			you.\
\
	Neo glares at him, as he sinks down.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					VOICE (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Thomas Anderson?\
\
	Neo turns and finds a FEDERAL EXPRESS MAN at his cubicle\
	door.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yeah.  That's me.\
\
	Neo signs the electronic pad and the Fedex guy hands him\
	the softpak.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					FEDEX\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Have a nice day.\
\
	He opens the bag.  Inside is a CELLULAR PHONE.  It seems\
	the instant it is in his hand, it RINGS.  Unnerved, he\
	flips it open.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hello?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hello, Neo.  This is Morpheus.\
\
	Neo's knees give and he falls into his chair.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I had hoped for this conversation\
			to take place under less adverse\
			conditions, but you can never\
			count on hope, can you, Neo?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			... no.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I've been watching you, Neo, and I\
			want to meet you.  I don't know if\
			you're ready to see what I want to\
			show you, but unfortunately, we\
			have run out of time.  They're\
			coming for you, Neo.  And I'm not\
			sure what they're going to do.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Who's coming for me?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Stand up and see for yourself.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Right now?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yes.  Now.\
\
	Neo starts to stand.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do it slowly.  Slowly.  The elevator.\
\
	His head slowly peeks up over the partition.\
\
	At the elevator, he sees Agent Brown and Agent Jones\
	leading a group of cops.  A female employee turns and\
	points out Neo's cubicle.\
\
	Neo ducks.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Holy fuckin' shit!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yes.\
\
	One cop stays at the elevator, the others follow the\
	agents.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What the fuck do they want with\
			me?!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'm not sure.  But, if you don't\
			want to find out, you better get\
			out of there.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How?!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I can guide you out, but you have\
			to do exactly what I say.\
\
	The agents are moving quickly towards the cubicle.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The cubicle across from you is\
			empty.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			But what if...?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Go!  Now!\
\
	Neo lunges across the hall, diving into the other cubicle\
	just as the agents turn into his row.\
\
	Neo crams himself into a dark corner, clutching the phone\
	tightly to him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Stay here for a moment.\
\
	The agents enter Neo's empty cubicle.  A cop is sent to\
	search the bathroom.\
\
	Morpheus' voice is a whisper in Neo's ear.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			A little longer...\
\
	Brown is talking to the tall employee.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			When I tell you, go to the end of\
			the row to the first office on the\
			left, stay.as low as you can.\
\
	Sweat trickles down his forehead.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Now.\
\
	Neo rolls out of the cubicle, his eyes popping as he\
	freezes right behind a cop who has just turned around.\
\
	Staying crouched, he sneaks away, down the row, SHOOTING\
	across the opening to the first office on the left.\
\
	The room is empty.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Good.  Now there is a window.\
			Open it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How do you know all this?\
\
	Morpheus laughs quietly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The answer is coming, Neo.\
\
	He opens the window.  The window howls into the room.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Outside, there's a scaffold.  You\
			can use it to get to the roof.\
\
	Leaning out the window, he sees that the scaffold is\
	several offices away.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No! It's too far away.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			There's a small ledge.  It's a\
			short climb.  You can make it.\
\
	Neo looks down; the building's glass wall vertigos into a\
	concrete chasm.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No way, no way, this is crazy.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Don't be controlled by your fear,\
			Neo.  There are only two ways out\
			of this building.  One is that\
			scaffold.  The other is in their\
			custody.  You take a chance either\
			way.  I leave it to you.\
\
	CLICK.  He hangs up.  Neo looks at the door, then back at\
	the scaffold.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This is insane!  Why is this\
			happening to me?  What did I do?\
			I'm nobody.  I didn't do anything.\
			Fuck! Fuck!  Fuck!\
\
	He climbs up onto the window ledge.  Hanging onto the\
	frame, he steps onto the small ledge.\
\
	The scaffold seems even farther away.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'm going to die.\
\
	The WIND suddenly BLASTS up the face of the building,\
	knocking Neo off balance.  Recoiling, he clings harder to\
	the frame, and the phone falls out of his hand.\
\
	He watches as it is swallowed by the distance beneath him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This is insane.  I can't do this!\
			Forget it!\
\
	He climbs back into the office just as a cop opens the\
	door.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I didn't do anything!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  SKYSCRAPER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The agents lead a handcuffed Neo out of the revolving\
	doors, forcing his head down as they push him into the\
	dark sedan.\
\
	Trinity watches in the rear view mirror of her\
	motorcycle.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Shit.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  INTERROGATION ROOM - CLOSE ON CAMERA MONITOR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	A wide angle view of a white roon, where Neo is sitting at\
	a table alone.\
\
	We MOVE INTO the monitor, ENTERING the room as if the\
	monitor were a window.\
\
	At the same moment, the door opens and the agents enter.\
\
	Smith sits down across from Neo.  A thick manila envelope\
	slaps down on the table between them.\
\
	Neo glances at the name on the file: "Anderson, Thomas \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	A."\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			As you can see, we've had our eye\
			on you for some time now, Mr.\
			Anderson.\
\
	He opens the file.  Paper rattle marks the silence as he\
	flips several pages.  Neo cannot tell if he is looking at\
	the file or at him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It seems that you have been living\
			two lives.  In one life, you are\
			Thomas A. Anderson, program writer\
			for a respectable software\
			company.  You have a social\
			security number, you pay your\
			taxes and you help your land lady\
			carry out her garbage.\
\
	The pages continue to turn.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The other life is lived in\
			computers where you go by the\
			hacker alias Neo, and are guilty\
			of virtually every computer crime\
			we have a law for, including the\
			unauthorized use of the D.M.V.\
			system for the removal of\
			automobile boots.\
\
	Neo feels himself sinking into a pit of shit.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			One of these,lives has a future.\
			One of them does not.\
\
	He closes the file.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'm going to be as forthcoming as\
			I can be, Mr. Anderson.  You are\
			here because we need your help.\
\
	He removes his sunglasses; his eyes are an unnatural ice-\
	blue.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We know that you have been\
			contacted by a certain individual.\
			A man who calls himself Morpheus.\
			Whatever you think you know about\
			this man is irrelevant to the fact\
			that he is wanted for acts of\
			terrorism in more countries than\
			any other man in the world.  He is\
			considered by many authorities to\
			be the most dangerous man alive.\
\
	He leans closer.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			My colleagues believe that I am\
			wasting my time with you, but I\
			believe you want to do the right\
			thing.  It is obvious that you are\
			an intelligent man, Mr. Anderson,\
			and that you are interested in the\
			future.  That is why I believe you\
			are ready to put your past\
			mistakes behind you and get on\
			with your life.\
\
	Neo tries to match his stare.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We are willing to wipe the slate\
			clean, to give you a fresh start\
			and all we are asking in return is\
			your cooperation in bringing a\
			known terrorist to justice.\
\
	Neo nods to himself.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yeah.  Wow.  That sounds like a\
			real good deal.  But I think I\
			have a better one.  How about I\
			give you the finger --\
\
	He does.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			And you can cram that file up your\
			Secret Service sphincter.\
\
	Agent Smith puts his glasses back on.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You disappoint me, Mr. Anderson.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You ain't seen nothing yet.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The irony of your situation is\
			that you have no choice.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You can't scare me with this\
			gestapo crap.  I know my rights.\
			I want my phone call.\
\
	Agent Smith smiles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			And tell me, Mr. Anderson, what\
			good is a phone call iy you are\
			unable to speak?\
\
	The question unnerves Neo and strangely, he begins to\
	feel the muscles in his jaw tighten.\
\
	The standing agents snicker, watching Neo's confusion\
	grow into panic.\
\
	Neo feels his lips grow soft and sticky as they slowly\
	seal shut, melding into each other until all trace of his\
	mouth is gone.\
\
	Wild with fear, he lunges for the door but the agents\
	restrain him holding him in the chair.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You are going to help us, Mr.\
			Anderson, whether you want to or\
			not.\
\
	Smith nods and the other two rip open his shirt.\
\
	From a case taken out of his suit coat, Smith removes a\
	long, fiber-optic wire tap.\
\
	Neo struggles helplessly as Smith dangles the wire over\
	his exposed abdomen.  Horrified, he watches as the\
	electronic device animates, become an organic creature\
	that resembles a hybrid of an insect and a fluke worm.\
\
	Thin, whisker-like tendrils reach out and probe into\
	Neo's navel.  He bucks wildly as Smith drops the creature\
	which looks for a moment like an uncut umbilical cord --\
\
	Before it begins to burrow its, tail thrashing as it\
	worms its way inside.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  NEO'S APARTMENT - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Screaming, Neo bolts upright in bed.\
\
	He realizes that he is home.  Was it a dream?  His mouth\
	is normal.  His stomach looks fine.  He starts to take a\
	deep, everything-is-okay breath, when --\
\
	The PHONE RINGS.\
\
	It almost stops his heart.  It CONTINUES RINGING,\
	building pressure in the room, forcing him up out of bed,\
	sucking him in with an almost gravitational force.\
\
	He answers it, saying nothing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.).\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This line is tapped, so I must be\
			brief.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The agents --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			They got to you first, but they've\
			underestimated how important you\
			are.  If they knew what I know,\
			you would probably be dead.\
\
	Neo feels sick.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I don't know what you are thinking\
			right now but I want you to\
			understand that I will not give up\
			on you until you give up on me.\
\
	Neo's throat cracks, dry as the Sahara.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do you still want to meet?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			... Yes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Take the Howard line south.\
\
	CLICK.  He closes his eyes, unsure of what he has done.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  EL TRAIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	An EL TRAIN RAGES against its metal rails.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  TRAIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	It is three a.m., and the train carries the usual urban\
	night crawlers.  Neo sits alone, eyes shifting, watching\
	everything nervously.\
\
	There is a METAL BANG and TRAIN CLATTER fills the car as\
	the door is opened.\
\
	Neo turns and sees a large man enter.  He is wearing\
	sunglasses and a black leather jacket.  His name is APOC\
	and he walks straight at Neo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					APOC\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Come with me.\
\
	Neo stands just as the door at the opposite end opens and\
	two police officers rush in, drawing their guns.\
\
	Apoc grabs Neo, muscling him to the nearest exit.  There\
	is no upcoming station.\
\
	Apoc yanks the emergency brake and the train buckles\
	against its own speed.  The cops are thrown back.  Neo\
	slams against the metal rail.\
\
	The doors open onto nothing and just when Neo regains his\
	balance, Apoc shoves him backwards --\
\
	He flies out from the train, arms windrilling as he falls\
	from, the raised tracks --\
\
	Hurtling towards a busy city street when, out of nowhere,\
	a truck races under him and --\
\
	He crashes into a large dumpster-bed filled with empty\
	boxes.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  TRUCK BED\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Still shaking his head, Neo realizes he is not alone.  A\
	man named Cabie is aiming a big gun at him.  Trinity is\
	next to him, talking into a cellular phone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We got him.  Call the chop-shop.\
\
	She hangs up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Listen to me, Neo.  You have to,\
			trust us.\
\
	She tears off a long strip of black duct-tape and reaches\
	for his face.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What are you doing?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This has to be done for your\
			protection and ours.\
\
	She seals his eyes shut with the tape.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You can't understand right now,\
			but if you're not one of us,\
			you're one of them.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  LOWER WACKER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	A featureless black van glides up to a staircase that\
	curls down from the city's surface.\
\
	trinity guides the blind Neo down the steps.  The back of\
	the van slaps open, revealing a young, skinny man who\
	looks to be still in his teens, wearing an outfit that is\
	a cross between a surgeon and a telephone repair man.\
\
	His name is GIZMO and he smiles lewdly at Trinity,\
	exposing his teeth that are wired with weird-looking\
	braces.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Va va va voom.  Still the hottest\
			software around.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hello, Gizmo.\
\
	Neo hears the voices around him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This is really the guy?  The guy\
			that Morpheus thinks --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yeah.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			But he's so old.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Are you going to help us or aren't\
			you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hacksaw.  Load up the copper-top\
			and let's get the hell outta here.\
\
	Hacksaw is a huge man in a leather welder's apron.  He\
	shoulders Neo and hauls him into the van.\
\
	A moment later the green lights of Lower Wacker curve\
	over the tinted windshield as the van rushes through the\
	underworld.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  VAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The chop-shop is filled with electronic gadgets, wired to\
	meters and monitors.  There are shelves lined with\
	medical supplies and rows of hanging tools, knives,\
	cleavers, and stainless steel clamps.\
\
	Neo is strapped down to an ambulance cart, listening\
	nervously as Gizmo gets to work.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Okay, first we take a little look\
			under the hood.\
\
	He pulls up the goggles hanging at his neck and they\
	blink to life with tiny halogen lights and lenses irising\
	to varying levels of magnification.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You're going to feel a little\
			prick.\
\
	He inserts acupuncture-like needles into Neo's lower\
	abdomen.  The needles are wired to video monitors.\
	Hacksaw pilots the fiber-optic lens.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What are you doing?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We think you're bugged.  We can't\
			take you to Morpheus until you're\
			clean.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			There it is.\
\
	On a monitor, we see the bug nestled in among Neols large\
	intestines.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hit him with 10 ccs of local.\
\
	Hacksaw loads a hypodermic needle and pumps an anesthetic\
	around Neols navel.\
\
	Using a device that looks like a miniature speculum,\
	Gizmo inserts a knuckled dental pick.  Typing into a\
	calculator keypad wired to the pick, he automates the\
	tip.\
\
	On the monitor, we watch it telescope out and the end\
	separate into a tiny hooked, metal claw.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Here, kitty, kitty, kitty.\
\
	The claw snags hold of the bug.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Gotcha!\
\
	But the bug reacts violently.  Neo screams as it wraps\
	itself around the soft tissue web of intestine.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Shit.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What's happening?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I don't know.  They've never done\
			that before.\
\
	Neo writhes in pain.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hold him down.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Jesus!  God!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do something!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I got it!  Maybe we can stun it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Are you crazy?  That will kill\
			him.\
\
	We watch Neo, who can't see what they are talking about.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It'll work.  Come on, do it or\
			Hacksaw will.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do what?\
\
	The instant he hears the word, he knows.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Clear.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Oh, shit --\
\
	The cry is frozen in his mouth as the paddles hit his\
	chest.  Gizmo wrestles with the bug.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hit him again!\
\
	Again, the electricity convulses through him as Gizmo\
	yanks the speculum out.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Got it!\
\
	Trinity touches Neo, who is just beginning to breathe.\
	She eases the tape off his eyes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Neo, are you okay?\
\
	He nods.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It's over.  We got it.\
\
	Hanging from the claw pick is the inanimate metal wire-\
	tap.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Nasty little bugger, ain't it?\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOTEL LAFAYETTE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The van stops in a deserted alley behind a forgotten\
	hotel.  The doors open and Trinity helps Neo get out.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Thanks for your help, Gizmo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I just hope the man knows what\
			he's doing.\
\
	She nods then climbs out of the van.  Gizmo ogles the\
	tight leather pants.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Goddamn, what I wouldn't give for\
			a copy of that software.\
\
	Trinity turns around.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Gizmo, you don't have the hardware\
			to handle this software.\
\
	He howls with adolescent laughter as the van pulls away.\
	Trinity turns to Neo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Let's go.  He's waiting.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOTEL LAFAYETTE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	It is a place of putrefying elegance, a rotting host of\
	urban maggotry.\
\
	Trinity leads Neo from the stairwell down the hall of the\
	thirteenth floor.  They stop outside room 1313.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This is it.\
\
	Neo can hear his own heart pounding.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Let me give one piece of advice.\
			Be honest.  He knows more than you\
			can possibly imagine.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ROOM 1313\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Across the room, a dark figure stares out the tall\
	windows veiled with decaying lace.  He turns and his\
	smile lights up the room.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			At last.\
\
	He wears a long black coat and his eyes are invisible\
	behind circular mirrored glasses.\
\
	He strides to Neo and they shake hands.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Welcome, Neo.  As you no doubt\
			have guessed, I am Morpheus.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It's an honor.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Please.  Come.  Sit.\
\
	He nods to Trinity.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Thank you, Trinity.\
\
	She bows her head sharply and exits through a door to an\
	adjacent room.\
\
	They sit across from one another in cracked, burgundy-\
	leather chairs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I imagine, right now, you must be\
			feeling a bit like Alice, tumbling\
			down the rabbit hole?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You could say that.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I can see it in your eyes.  You\
			have the look of a man who accepts\
			what he sees because he is\
			expecting to wake up.\
\
	A smile, razor-thin, curls the corner of his lips.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Ironically, this is not far from\
			the truth.  But I'm getting ahead\
			of myself.  Can you tell me, Neo,\
			why are you here?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You're Morpheus, you're a legend.\
			Most hackers would die to meet\
			you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yes.  Thank you.  But I think we\
			both know there's more to it than \
			that.  Do you believe in fate, Neo?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Why not?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Because I don't like the idea that\
			I'm not in control of my life.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I know exactly what you mean.\
\
	Again, that smile that could cut glass.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Let me tell you why you are here.\
			You are here because you have the\
			gift.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What gift?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I've watched you, Neo.  You do not\
			use a computer like a tool.  You\
			use it like it was part of\
			yourself.  What you can do inside\
			a computer is not normal.  I know.\
			I've seen it.  What you do is\
			magic.\
\
	Neo shrugs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It's not magic.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			But it is, Neo.  It is.  How else\
			would you describe what has been\
			happening to you?\
\
	He leans forward.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We are trained in this world to\
			accept only what is rational and\
			logical.  Have you ever wondered\
			why?\
\
	Neo shakes his head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			As children, we do not separate\
			the possible from the impossible\
			which is why the younger a mind is\
			the easier it is to free while a\
			mind like yours can be very\
			difficult.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Free from what?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			From the Matrix.\
\
	Neo locks at his eyes but only sees a reflection of\
	himself.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do you want to know what it is,\
			Neo?\
\
	Neo swallows and nods his head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It's that feeling you have had all\
			your life.  That feeling that\
			something was wrong with the\
			world.  You don't know what it is\
			but it's there, like a splinter in\
			your mind, driving you mad,\
			driving you to me.  But what is\
			it?\
\
	The LEATHER CREAKS as he leans back.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The Matrix is everywhere, it's all\
			around us, here even in this room.\
			You can see it out your window, or\
			on your television.  You feel it\
			when you go to work, or go to\
			church or pay your taxes.  It is\
			the world that has been pulled\
			over your eyes to blind you from\
			the truth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What truth?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			That you are a slave, Neo.  That\
			you, like everyone else, was born\
			into bondage...\
			... kept inside a prison that you\
			cannot smell, taste, or touch.  A\
			prison for your mind.\
\
	Outside, the WIND BATTERS a loose PANE of glass.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Unfortunately, no one can be told\
			what the Matrix is.  You have to\
			see it for yourself.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hold out your hands.\
\
	In Neo's right hand, Morpheus drops a red pill.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This is your last chance.  After\
			this, there is no going back.\
\
	In his left, a blue pill.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You take the blue pill and the\
			story ends.  You wake in your bed\
			and you believe whatever you want\
			to believe.\
\
	The pills in his open hands are reflected in the glasses.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You take the red pill and you stay\
			in Wonderland and I show you how\
			deep the rabbit-hole goes.\
\
	Neo feels the smooth skin of the capsules, with the\
	moisture growing in his palms.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Remember that all I am offering is\
			the truth.  Nothing more.\
\
	Neo opens his mouth and swallows the red pill.  The\
	Cheshire smile returns.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Follow me.\
\
	He leads Neo into the other room, which is cramped with\
	high-tech equipment, glowing ash-bliie and electric green\
	from the racks of monitors.\
\
	Trinity, Apoc and Cypher look up as they enter.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Shit.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I knew he would.\
\
	Cypher saddles up to Morpheus, talking in a hushed tone\
	away from, Neo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morpheus, I know what you believe\
			but I think this is a mistake.\
			We're rushing him.  He's old.  I'm\
			afraid he might pop.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Haven't I always told you, Cypher,\
			not to let fear control your life.\
			Apoc, are we on-line?\
\
	Neo recognizes the large man from the El train.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					APOC\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Almost.\
\
	He and Trinity are working quickly, hardwiring a complex\
	system of monitors, modules and drives.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Apoc?  You wrote the Four Horsemen\
			Virus.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					APOC\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			That's right.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Neo, time is always against us.\
			Will you take a seat there?\
\
	In the center of the room sits a chair.  Near the chair\
	is an old oval dressing mirror that is cracked.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I imagine you know sonething about\
			virtual reality.\
\
	Neo sits and Trinity begins gently fixing white electrode\
	disks to his head, arns, and the back of his neck.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			A little.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Tell me about it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Essentially, it's a hardware\
			system that uses an apparatus;\
			headgear, gloves and whatever to\
			make you feel that you are in a\
			computer program.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			If the virtual reality apparatus,\
			as you called it, was wired to all\
			of your senses and controlled them\
			completely, would you be able to\
			tell the difference between the\
			virtual world and the real world?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You might not, no.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No, you wouldn't.\
\
	Neo whispers to Trinity.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You did all this?\
\
	She nods, placing a set of headphones over his ears.\
	They are wired to an old hotel phone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The pill you took is part of a\
			trace program.  It's going to make\
			things feel a bit strange.\
\
	Distantly, through the ear phones, he hears Apoc POUNDING\
	on a KEYBOARD.  Sweat beads his face.  His eyes blink and\
	twitch when he notices the mirror.\
\
	Wide-eyed he stares as it begins to heal itself, a\
	webwork of cracks that slowly run together as though the\
	mirror were becoming liquid.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Shit...\
\
	Cypher works with Apoc checking reams of phosphorescent\
	data.  Trinity monitors Neo's electric vital signs.\
\
	Neo reaches out to touch the mirror and his fingers\
	disappear beneath the rippling surface.\
\
	Quickly, he tries to pull his fingers out but the mirror\
	stretches in long rubbery strands like mirrored-taffy\
	stuck to his fingertips.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What is this?  Mescaline?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Just relax, Neo.\
\
	The strands thin like rubber cement as he pulls away,\
	until the fragile wisps of mirror thread break.\
\
	With the TINKLING of GLASS, shimmering snowflakes\
	of electric-blinking mercury fall, hit the ground, and\
	fade.\
\
	He looks at his hand; fingers distended into mirrored\
	icicles that begin to melt rapidly, dripping, running\
	like wax down his fingers, spreading across his palms\
	where he sees his face reflected.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Uh-oh...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It's going into replication.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Apoc?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					APOC\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Still nothing.\
\
	Morpheus takes out a cellular phone and dials a number.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Tank, we're going to need the\
			signal soon.  Stay calm, Neo.\
\
	The mirror gel seems to come to life, racing, crawling up\
	his arns like hundreds of insects.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It's cold.\
\
	The mirror creeps up his neck as Neo begins to panic,\
	tipping his head as though he were sinking into the\
	mirror, trying to keep his mouth up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It's all over me --\
\
	Morpheus is right next to him, with the phone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I got a fibrillation!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I knew it, I knew it...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Shit!  Apoc?\
\
	Streams of mercury run from Neo's nose.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					APOC\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Targeting... almost there.\
\
	An ALARM, on Trinity's monitor ERUPTS.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He's going into arrest!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He's gonna pop!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					APOC\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Lock!  I got him!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Now, Tank now!\
\
	His eyes tear with mirror, rolling up and closing as a\
	high-pitched ELECTRIC SCREAM ERUPTS in the headphones --\
\
	It is a piercing SHRIEK like a computer calling to\
	another computer --\
\
	Neo's body arches in agony and we are pulled like we were\
	pulled into the holes of the phone\
\
	Sucked into his SCREAM and swallowed by darkness.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  POWER PLANT - CLOSE ON MAN'S BODY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Floating in a womb-red amnion.\
\
	His body spasms, fighting against the thick gelatin.\
\
	Metal tubes, surreal versions of hospital tubes, obscure\
	his face.  Other lines like IVs are connected to limbs\
	and cover his genitals.\
\
	He is struggling desperately now.  Air bubbles into the\
	Jell-O but does not break the surface.\
\
	Pressing up, the surface distends, stretching like a red\
	rubber coccon.\
\
	Unable to breathe, he fights wildly to stand, clawing at\
	the thinning elastic shroud --\
\
	Until it ruptures, a hole widening around his mouth as he\
	sucks for air.  Tearing himself free, he emerges from the\
	cell.\
\
	It is Neo.\
\
	He is bald and naked, his body slick with gelatin.\
	Dizzy, nauseous, he waits for his vision to focus.\
\
	He is standing in an oval capsule of clear alloy filled\
	with red gelatin, the surface of which has solidified\
	like curdled milk.\
\
	The IVs in his arms are plugged into outlets that appear\
	to be grafted to his flesh.\
\
	He feels the weight of another cable and reaches to the\
	back of his head where he finds an enormous coaxial\
	plugged and locked into the base of his skull.\
\
	He tries to pull it out but it would be easier to pull\
	off a finger.\
\
	To either side he sees other tube-shaped pods filled with\
	red gelatin; beneath the wax-like surface, pale and\
	motionless, he sees other human beings.\
\
	Fanning out in a circle, there are more.  All connected\
	to a center core, each capsule like a red, dimly glowing\
	petal attached to a black metal stem.\
\
	Above him, level after, level, the stem rises seemingly\
	forever.  He moves to the foot of the capsule and looks\
	out.\
\
	The image assaults his mind.\
\
	Towers of glowing petals spiral up to incomprehensible\
	heights, disappearing down into a dim murk like an\
	underwater abyss.\
\
	His sight is blurred and warped, exaggerating the\
	intensity of the vision.  The sound of the PLANT is like\
	the sound of the ocean heard from inside the belly of\
	Leviathan.\
\
	Below Neo, a petal detaches from the stem, bearing away\
	the body of an old man like an automated barge even as a\
	new pod rises up and plugs itself into the empty space.\
\
	Inside the new capsule, its surface more translucent and\
	pinkish in color, Neo sees a small baby.\
\
	From above, a machine drops directly in front of Neo.\
\
	He swallows his scream as it seems to stare at him.\
\
	It is almost insect-like in its design; beautiful\
	housings of alloyed metal covering organic-like systems\
	of hard and soft polymers.\
\
	A black particle beam washes over Neo, he reacts in pain\
	as the scanner seems to expose the nervous system wired\
	to the coaxial cable at his cerebral cortex.\
\
	At the back of the neck, the cable lock spins and opens,\
	disengaging.\
\
	The cable pulls itself free, a long clear plastic needle\
	and cerebrum-chip slides from the anterior of Neols skull\
	with an ooze of blood and spinal fluid.  The other\
	connective hoses snap free and snake away as --\
\
	The back of the unit opens and a tremendous vacuum, like\
	an airplane door opening, sucks the gelatin and then Neo\
	into a black hole.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  WASTE LINE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The pipe is a waste disposal system and Neo falls,\
	sliding with the clot of gelatin.\
\
	Banking through pipe spirals and elbows, flushing up\
	through grease traps clogged with cily clunps of\
	cellulite.\
\
	Neo begins to drown when he is suddenly snatched from the\
	flow of waste.\
\
	The metallic cable then lifts, pulling him up into the\
	belly of the futuristic flying nachine, hovering inside\
	the sewer main line.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The metal harness opens and drops the half-conscious Neo\
	onto the floor.\
\
	Human hands and arms help him up as he finds himself\
	looking straight at Morpheus.\
\
	Trinity and Apoc.  And others, dressed in bizarre, high-\
	tech combat gear.\
\
	Morpheus smiles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Welcome to the real world, Neo.\
\
	Neo passes out.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 									FADE TO BLACK.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	We have no sense of time.  We hear VOICES whispering.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MAN (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do you think Morpheus is right?\
			Do you think he could be the One?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					WOMAN (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It doesn't matter now.  But if\
			he's wrong...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	FADE IN:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	NEO'S POV\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo's eyes flutter open.  We see Trinity's face above us,\
	angelic in the fluorescent glow of a light stick.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	ANGLE ON NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			... am I dead?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Far from it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 									FADE TO BLACK.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	FADE IN:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	ANGLE ON NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	He opens his eyes again, something tingling through him.\
	He focuses and sees his body pierced with dozens of\
	acupuncture-like needles wired to a strange device.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					DOZER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He needs a lot of work.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I know.\
\
	Dozer and Morpheus are operating on Neo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What are you doing?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Your muscles have atrophied.\
			We're rebuilding them.\
\
	Fluorescent light sticks burn unnaturally bright.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Why do my eyes hurt?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You've never used them before.\
\
	Morpheus takes his sunglasses off and puts them on Neo.\
	Neo lays back.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Rest, Neo.  The answers are\
			coming.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  NEO'S ROOM\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo wakes up from a deep sleep, feeling better.  He is\
	wearing a black tank top and shorts.\
\
	He begins to examine himself.  There is a futuristic IV\
	plugged into the jack in his forearm.  He pulls it out,\
	staring at the grafted outlet.\
\
	He feels his bald head.  His fingers find and explore the\
	large outlet in the base of his skull.\
\
	Just as he starts to come unglued, Morpheus opens the\
	door.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morpheus, what's happened to me?\
			What is this place?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			More important than what is when?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			When?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You believe the year is 1997 when\
			in fact it is much closer to 2197.\
			I can't say for certain what year\
			it is because we honestly do not\
			know.\
\
	The wind is knocked from Neo's chest.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			That's not possible.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I promised you the truth, Neo, and\
			the truth is that the world you\
			were living in was a lie.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'll show you.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Like a sleepwalker, Neo follows Morpheus through the ship.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This is my ship, the\
			Nebuchadnezzar.  It's a\
			hovercraft.  Small like a\
			submarine.  It's dark.  It's\
			cramped and cold.  But it's home.\
\
	They climb a ladder up to the main deck.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Everyone is there.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This is the main deck.  You know\
			most of my crew.\
\
	Trinity smiles and nods.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The ones you don't know.  That's\
			Mouse and Switch.  The two big\
			guys are Tank and Dozer.\
\
	The names and faces wash meaninglessly over Neo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			And this, this is the Core.  This\
			is where we broadcast our pirate\
			signal and hack into the Matrix.\
\
	It is a swamp of bizarre electronic equipment.  Vines of\
	coaxial hang and snake to and from huge monolithic\
	battery slabs, a black portable satellite dish and banks\
	of little systems and computer monitors.\
\
	At the center of the web, there are six ectoskeleton\
	chairs made of a poly-alloy frame and suspension harness.\
\
	Near the circle of chairs is the control console and\
	operator's station where the network is monitored.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Help him, Trinity.\
\
	Neo allows himself to be helped into one of the chairs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do you remember when I asked you\
			about an apparatus that could turn\
			a virtual reality into reality?\
\
	Neo nods.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It's right here.\
\
	He touches Neo's head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			And it's accessed here.\
\
	Neo feels Morpheus guiding a coaxial line into the jack\
	at the back of his neck.  The cable has the same kind of\
	cerebellum chip we saw inside the plant.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This will feel a little weird.\
\
	There are several disturbing NOISES as he works the\
	needle in.\
\
	We MOVE IN as Neo's shoulders bunch and his face tightens\
	into a grimace until a loud CLICK fires and his ears pop\
	like when you equalize them underwater.\
\
	He relaxes, opening his eyes as we pull back to a feeling\
	of weightlessness inside another place --\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  CONSTRUCT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo is standing in an empty, blank-white space.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This is the Construct.\
\
	Startled, Neo whips around and finds Morpheus now in the\
	room with him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It is our loading program.  We can\
			load anything from clothes, to\
			weapons, to training simulations.\
			Anything we need.\
\
	Morpheus walks past Neo and when Neo turns he sees the\
	two leather chairs from the hotel set up in front of a\
	large-screen television.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Sit down.\
\
	Neo stands at the back of the chair as Morpheus sits.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Right now, we're inside a computer\
			program?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Wild, isn't it?\
\
	Neo's hands run over the cracked leather.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This isn't real?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What is real?  How do you define\
			real?  If you're talking about\
			your senses, what you feel, taste,\
			smell, or see, then all you're\
			talking about are electrical\
			signals interpreted by your brain.\
\
	He picks up a remote control and clicks ON the\
	TELEVISION.  We drift through the Windy City circa 1996.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This is the Chicago you know.\
			Chicago as it was at the end of\
			the twentieth century.  This\
			Chicago exists only as part of a\
			neural-interactive simulation that\
			we call the Matrix.\
\
	We GLIDE AT the television as he changes the channel.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You have been living inside\
			Baulliaurd's vision, inside the\
			map, not the territory.  This is\
			Chicago as it exists today.\
\
	The sky is an endless sea of black and green bile.  The\
	earth, scorched and split like burnt flesh, spreads out\
	beneath us as we ENTER the television.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			'The desert of the real.'\
\
	In the distance, we see the ruins of a future Chicago\
	protruding from the wasteland like the blackened ribs of\
	a long-dead corpse.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We are, right now, miles below the\
			earth's surface.  The only place\
			humans can survive outside the\
			Matrix is underground.\
\
	Still MOVING, we TURN and find Neo and Morpheus; the\
	chairs now sitting in the middle of the black desert.\
	Dizzy, Neo holds onto the chair.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What happened?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It started early in the twenty-\
			first century, with the birth of\
			artificial intelligence, a\
			singular consciousness that\
			spawned an entire race of\
			machines.\
\
	In his sunglasses, we see storm clouds gather.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			At first all they wanted was to be\
			treated as equals, entitled to the\
			same human inalienable rights.\
			Whatever they were given, it was\
			not enough.\
\
	In the circular window of the glasses, EXPLOSIONS light\
	up a bloody battle field.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We don't know who struck first.\
			Us or them.  But sometime at the\
			end of the twenty-first century\
			the battle was joined.\
\
	We MOVE INTO his glasses and the war surrounds us.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The war raged for generations and\
			turned the face of our planet from\
			green and blue to black and red.\
\
	At last we see the Sentinels; killing machines that are\
	at once terrifying and beautiful.  They have an organic\
	architecture like a microbiotic organism, that is\
	perpetually in motion.\
\
	The Sentinel cracks the body armor of a soldier,\
	splitting open the soft, stearing meat inside.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It scorched and burned the sky.\
			Without the sun, the machines\
			sought out a new energy source to\
			survive.\
\
	The Sentinel locks up, as heat lightning of black ink\
	bursts against the sky, spreading into a permanent cloud\
	of stain.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			They discovered a new form of\
			fusion.  All that was required to\
			initiate the reaction was a small\
			electric charge.  Throughout human\
			history we have been dependent on\
			machines to survive.  Fate, it\
			seems, is not without a sense of\
			irony.\
\
	We return to the power plant that Neo escaped from where\
	we see human beings looking almost blissful in their\
	gelatin cocoons.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The human body generates more bio-\
			electricity than a 120-volt\
			battery and over 25,000 B.T.U.'s\
			of body heat.\
\
	Outside, spreading all around the power plant, beneath a\
	breathing greenhouse, are the growing fields.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We are, as an energy source,\
			easily renewable and completely\
			recyclable, the dead liquified and\
			fed intravenously to the living.\
\
	Huge farm-like reapers are harvesting the crop.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			All they needed to control this\
			new battery was something to\
			occupy our mind.\
\
	We see inside a clear tubular husk.  Floating in viscous\
	fluid, there is a human fetus; its soft skull already\
	growing around the brain-jack.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			And so they built a prison out of\
			our past, wired it to our brains\
			and turned us into slaves.\
\
	We PULL BACK to find the image is now on the television\
	and we are again inside the white space of the Construct.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No!  I don't believe it!  It's not\
			possible!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I didn't say that it would be\
			easy, Neo.  I just said that it\
			would be the truth.\
\
	The room without walls begins to spin.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Stop!  Let me out!  I want out!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	His eyes snap open and he thrashes against the chair,\
	trying to rip the cable from the back of his neck.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Get this thing out of me!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Easy, Neo.  Easy.\
\
	Dozer holds him while Trinity unlocks it.  Once it's out,\
	he tears away from them, falling as he trips free of the\
	harness.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Don't touch me!  Get away from me!\
\
	On his hands and knees, he reels as the world spins.\
	Sweat pours off him as a pressure builds inside his skull\
	as if his brian had been put into a centrifuge.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He's going to pop!\
\
	Vomiting violently, Neo pitches forward and blacks out.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  NEO'S ROOM\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	He blinks, regaining consciousness.  The room is dark.\
	Neo is stretched out on his bed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I can't go back, can I?\
\
	Morpheus sitting like a shadow on a chair in the far\
	corner.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No.  But if you could, would you\
			really want to?\
\
	Neo isn't sure of that answer.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I feel that I owe you an apology.\
			There is a rule that we do not\
			free a mind once it reaches a\
			certain age.  It is dangerous.\
			They have trouble letting go..\
			Their mind turns against them.\
			I've seen it happen.  I broke the\
			rule because I had to.\
\
	He stares into the darkness, confessing as much to\
	himself as Neo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			When the Matrix was first built\
			there was a man born inside that\
			had the ability to change what he\
			wanted, to remake the Matrix as he\
			saw fit.  It was this man that\
			freed the first of us and taught\
			us the secret of the war; control\
			the Matrix and you control the\
			future.\
\
	He pauses.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			When he died, the Oracle at the\
			temple of Zion prophesied his\
			return and envisioned an end to\
			the war and freedom for our\
			people.  That is why there are\
			those of us that have spent our\
			entire lives searching the Matrix,\
			looking for him.\
\
	Neo can feel his eyes on him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I did what I did, because I\
			believe we have been brought here\
			for a reason, Neo.  You are here\
			to serve a purpose, just as I am\
			here to serve mine.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I told you I don't believe in\
			fate.\
\
	Morpheus smiles, leaning towards hin.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			But I do, Neo.  I do.\
\
	He stands up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Get some rest.  You're going to\
			need it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			For what?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Your training.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	There is no morning; there is only darkness and then the\
	fluorescent light sticks flicker on.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  NEO'S ROOM\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo is awake in his bed, staring up at the lights.  The\
	door opens and TA.NK steps inside.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morning.  Did you sleep?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You will tonight.  I guarantee it.\
			I'm Tank.  I'll be your operator.\
\
	He offers his hand and Neo shakes it.  He notices that\
	Tank doesn't have any jacks.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You don't have...\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Any holes?  Nope.  Me and my\
			brother Dozer, we are 100 percent\
			pure, old fashioned, home-grown\
			human.  Born free.  Right here in\
			the real world.  Genuine child of\
			Zion.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Zion?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Zion is the place, man.  You'll\
			see it one day.  Last human city.\
			All we got left.\
\
	Tank smiles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Goddamn, I got to tell you I'm\
			fairly excited to see what you are\
			capable of.  I mean if Morpheus is\
			right and all.  We're not supposed\
			to talk.about any of that, but if\
			you are, well then this is an\
			exciting time.  We got a lot to do\
			so let's get to it.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo is plugged in, hanging in one of the suspension\
	chairs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We're supposed to load all these\
			operations programs first, but\
			this is some major boring shit.\
			Why don't we start something a\
			little fun?\
\
	Tank smiles as he plops into his operator's chair.  He\
	begins flipping through a tall carousel loaded with micro\
	discs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How about sore combat training?\
\
	Neo reads the label on the disk.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Jiujitsu?  I'm going to learn\
			jujitsu?\
\
	Tank slides the disk into Neo's supplement drive.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No way.\
\
	Smiling, Tank punches the "load" code.\
\
	His body jumps against the harness as his eyes clamp\
	shut.  The monitors kick wildly as his heart pounds,\
	adrenaline surges, and his brain sizzles.\
\
	An instant later his eyes snap open.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Holy shit!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hey, Mikey, he likes it!  Ready\
			for more?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hell yes!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK - CLOSE ON COMPUTER MONITOR - LATER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	as grey pixels slowly fill a small, half-empty box.  It\
	is a meter displaying how much download time is left.\
\
	The title bar reads:  "Combat Series 10 of 12," file\
	categories flashing beneath it:  Savate, Jujitsu, Ken Po,\
	Drunken Boxing...\
\
	Morpheus walks in.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How is he?\
\
	Tank looks at his watch, rubs his eyes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Ten hours straight.  He's a\
			machine.\
\
	Neo's body spasms and relaxes as his eyes open, breath\
	hissing from his lips.  He looks like he just orgasmed.\
\
	He locks at Morpheus.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This is incredible.  I know Kung\
			Fu.\
\
	Morpheus sits in the drive chair next to hin.  He nods to\
	Tank.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Show me.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  DOJO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	They are standing in a very sparse japanese-style dojo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This is a sparring program,\
			similar to the programmed reality\
			of the Matrix.  Consider this your\
			first lesson.\
\
	He assumes a fighting stance.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Attack me.\
\
	Neo assumes a similar stance, cautiously circling until\
	he gives a short cry and launches a furious attack.\
\
	It is like a Jackie Chan movie at high speed, fists and\
	feet striking from every angle as Neo presses his attack\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	--\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	But each and every blow is blocked by effortless speed.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	While their minds battle in the programmed reality, the\
	two bodies appear quite serene, suspended in the drive\
	chairs.\
\
	Tank monitors their life systems noticing that Neo is\
	wildly and chaotically lit up as opposed to the slow and\
	steady rhythm of Morpheus.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MESS HALL\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Dinner is up.  Everyone is eating bowls of single-cell\
	protein.  It has a cottage cheese consistency.\
\
	MOUSE bursts in the room.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOUSE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morpheus is fighting Neo!\
\
	All at once they bolt for the door.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  DOJO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo's face is knotted, teeth clenched, as he hurls\
	himself at Morpheus.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Good.  Adaption.  Improvisation.\
			But your weakness isn't your\
			technique.\
\
	Morpheus attacks him and it is like nothing we have seen.\
	His feet and fists are everywhere taking Neo apart.  For\
	every blow Neo blocks, five more hit their marks until --\
\
	Neo falls.\
\
	Panting, on his hands and knees, blood spits fror, his\
	mouth speckling the white floor of the Dojo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How did I beat you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You -- You're too fast.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do you think my being faster,\
			stronger has anything to do with\
			my muscles in this place?\
\
	Neo is frustrated, still unable to catch his breath.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do you believe that's air you are\
			breathing now?\
\
	Neo squints at him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			If you can free your mind, the\
			body will follow.\
\
	Neo stands, nodding.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Again.\
\
	Their fists fly with  pneumatic speed.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Everyone is gathered behind Tank, watching the fight,\
	like watching a game of Mortal Combat.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CABLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Jeezus Keerist!  That boy is fast!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOUSE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You ever seen anyone that fast\
			that soon, Tank?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Never.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					APOC\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morpheus is right.  He's got to be\
			the one.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  DOJO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The speed of the blows rises like a drum solo that seems\
	impossible to sustain.  Neo's face sheds its mask of calm\
	with a scream.\
\
	He wants to beat Morpheus bad.\
\
	Finally a single blow catches Morpheus on the side of the\
	head, knocking his glasses off.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	There are several gasps.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOUSE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I don't believe it!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  DOJO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Morpheus rubs his face.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You are angry with me.\
\
	Neo pants.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I, uh... maybe.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It's all right.  It's natural.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I feel better.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Good, good.  Anger is a gift, Neo,\
			but it's a heavy one.\
\
	Morpheus smiles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Tank, load the jump program.\
\
	Neo straightens as the dojo DISSOLVES away like a curtain\
	lifting, leaving the two men now standing on a building\
	rooftop in a city skyline.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You have to learn to let go of\
			that anger.  You must let go of\
			everything.\
\
	A WIND HOWLS, whipping Morpheus' long coat to the side.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You must empty yourself to free\
			your mind.\
\
	Morpheus spins, running hard at the edge of the rooftop.\
	And jumps.  He sails through the air, his coat billowing\
	out behind him like a cape --\
\
	Somersaults once and lands on the rooftop across the\
	street.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Shit.\
\
	Neo looks down at the street twenty floors below, then at\
	Morpheus an impossible fifty feet away.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Okie dokie.\
\
	He takes a deep breath.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yeah.  Free my mind.  Right.  No\
			problem.\
\
	He concentrates.  Runs.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	They are transfixed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CABLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He's gonna make it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					APOC\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No way.  Not possible.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOUSE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No one's ever made their first\
			jump.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SWITCH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What if he does?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					APOC\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He won't.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It's never been done.\
\
	Trinity stares at the screen, her fists clenching as she\
	whispers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Come on.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  ROOFTOP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Summoning every ounce of strength in his legs, Neo\
	launches himself into the air in a single maniacal shriek\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	--\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	But comes up drastically short.\
\
	His eyes widen as he plummets.  Stories fly by, the\
	ground rushing up at him, but as he hits --\
\
	The ground gives way, stretchinp like a trapeze net.\
\
	He bounces and flips, slowly coming to a rest, flat on\
	his back.\
\
	He laughs, a bit unsure, wiping the wind-blown tears from\
	his face.\
\
	Morpheus exits the building and helps him to his feet.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Everyone falls the first time.\
\
	Neo nods quietly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			If you never know failure, how can\
			you know success?\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	They break up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOUSE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What does it mean?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CABLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It doesn't mean anything.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Everyone falls, right, Trinity?\
\
	But Trinity has left.\
\
	Neo's eyes open as Tank eases the plug out.  He tries to\
	move and groans, cradling his ribs.\
\
	While Tank helps Morpheus, Neo spits blood into his hand.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I thought it wasn't real.\
\
	Neo stares at the blood.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			If you are killed in the Matrix,\
			you die here?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The body cannot live without the\
			mind.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  NEO'S ROOM\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Trinity enters from the hall, carrying a try of food.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Neo, I saved you some dinner --\
\
	She sees him passed out on the bed.  She sets the tray\
	down and pulls the blanket over him.\
\
	She pauses, her face close to his, then inhales lightly,\
	breathing in the scent of him, before slowly pulling away.\
\
	It seems the moment she closes the door, he wakes with a\
	start, unsure of where he is.  After a moment, he gets\
	out of bed.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The ship is quiet and dark.  Everyone is asleep.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The core glows with monitor light.  Cypher is in the\
	operator's chair as Neo cones up behind him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Whoa!  Shit, Neo, you scared the\
			bejeezus out of ne.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Sorry.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No, it's all right.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What are you doing?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Midnight watch.\
\
	Neo's eyes light up as he steps closer to the screens\
	that seem alive with a constant flow of data.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Is that... ?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The Matrix?  Yeah.\
\
	The monitors are packed with bizarre codes and equations.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You want a drink?\
\
	He pours Neo a drink from a large plastic jug.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'll tell you, I feel for you,\
			man.  I really do.  Most of us\
			were still young, just punks, when\
			Morpheus jacked us.  But you, you\
			had a real life.\
\
	Neo takes a sip and it almost kills him.  Cypher pounds\
	on his back.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Good shit, huh?  Dozer makes it.\
			It's good for two things:\
			degreasing engines and killing\
			brain cells.\
\
	Red-faced, Neo finally stops coughing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Did he tell you why he did it?\
\
	Neo nods.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER,\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'll be the didn't tell you that\
			this wasn't the first time he\
			thought he found the One.\
\
	Neo shakes his head as Cypher fills his cup and laughs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Let me give you a piece of advice.\
			Between you and me, if Morpheus\
			says you can fly, I wouldn't go\
			jumping out any windows to find\
			out if he's right.  Understand?\
\
	Cypher raises his drink.  Neo swallows another throat-\
	scorching mouthful.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Welcome to the real world!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  RESTAURANT (MATRIX) - NIGHT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	CHAMBER MUSIC and the ambiance of wealth soak the room as\
	we watch a serrated knife saw through a thick, gorgeous\
	steak.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			That's what he said to me nine\
			years ago.\
\
	The meat is so perfect, charred on the outside, oozing\
	red juice from the inside, that it could be a dream.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The real world.  Ha, what a joke.\
\
	We recognize the grating voice, the insidious laugh.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You know what real is?  I'll tell\
			you what real is.\
\
	A fork stabs the cube of meat and we FOLLOW it UP TO the\
	face of Cypher.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Real is just another four-letter\
			word.\
\
	He laughs, shoving the steak into his mouth.\
\
	The restaurant is located on the top floor of a Chicago\
	skyscraper where the view is breathtaking and the menu\
	has no prices.\
\
	Sitting across from Cypher is Agent Smith.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do we have a deal, Mr. Reagan?\
\
	Cypher chews the steak loudly, smacking it between his\
	teeth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Mmm, so, so fucking good.\
\
	Smith watches him shovel another hunk of meat into his\
	mouth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You know, I know that this steak\
			doesn't exist.  I know when I put\
			it in my mouth, the Matrix is\
			telling my brain that it is juicy\
			and delicious.  After nine years,\
			do you know what I've realized?\
\
	Pausing, he examines the meat skewered on his fork.  He\
	pops it in, eyes rolling up, savoring the tender beef\
	melting in his mouth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Ignorance is bliss.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Then we have a deal?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I don't want to remember nothing.\
			Nothing!  You understand?  And I\
			want to be rich.  Someone\
			important.  Like an actor.  You\
			can do that, right?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Whatever you want, Mr. Reagan.\
\
	Cypher takes a deep drink of wine.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			All right.  You get my body back\
			in a power plant, reinsert me into\
			the Matrix and I'll get you what\
			you want.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Access codes to Zion.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I told you, I don't know them.\
			But I can give you the man who\
			does.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morpheus.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Sweat dapples his lip as Neo snaps out of the construct\
	coma.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Jeez, I was wondering about that.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Why I was bald here but not in the\
			Matrix.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
			R.S.I.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Residual self image.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Good.  Now what's this?\
\
	He points to one of Neo's monitors.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Life systems monitor, glucose\
			levels.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What's that?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Main power supply to the core.\
\
	He follows Tank to the operator's station where he points\
	to a red key-switch.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How about this?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Mainframe self-destruct.  Uses all\
			remaining power to generate an...\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 			E.M.P?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Electromagnetic pulse.  Our best\
			weapon against the machines.  The\
			problem is if someone is still in\
			the Matrix when that thing goes\
			off, they're not coming back.\
\
	Neo nods as Morpheus comes up behind them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How's he doing?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We just finished the operation\
			programs and he's showing great\
			retention.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Good.  I want everyone alerted to\
			12-hour stand-by.  We're going in.\
			Neo, it's time for you to know why\
			you're here.\
\
	Morpheus walks away.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What's he talking about?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He's taking you into the Matrix to\
			see her.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			See who?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The Oracle.\
\
	Neo looks down at the monitor teeming with Matrix data\
	that seems to coalesce, equations giving way to images as\
	a METAL SCREAM RISES BECOMING --\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  CHICAGO (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	An El train.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The room is empty, heavy curtains covering windows.  It\
	looks as if it hasn't been touched in years.  In the\
	bedroom with the cracked oval mirror an old black PHONE\
	begins to RING.\
\
	In the mirror, we first glimpse them and as we keep\
	TURNING, the room fills with equipment and the team.\
\
	Morpheus answers the phone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We're in.\
\
	He hangs up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Mouse and Cable hold the exit.\
			Let's go.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  STAIRWELL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo follows the others down the stairwell that winds\
	around an antique elevator shaft.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Did you have to do this?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yeah.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What did she tell you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Lots of things.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Any of them true?\
\
	Trinity looks at him, then looks away.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Some of them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					GIZMO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Were they good or bad?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			There's no point in worrylng.\
			Whatever is going to happen is\
			going to happen.\
\
	They cross the old lobby.  Switch and Apoc stop at the\
	doors.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We should be back in an hour.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo squints into the sun that seems unnaturally bright.\
	He is the only one without sunglasses.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do you now understand what it\
			means when we say, if you're not\
			one of us, you're one of them?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The agents.  They're sentient\
			programs.  They can commandeer any\
			software hardwired to the\
			mainframe.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Anyone that is still in a power\
			plant.  That is why we try to be\
			invisible in the Matrix.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The best hacking is always\
			traceless.\
\
	Cypher and Trinity move away from them, securing the\
	perimeter.  As Cypher passes a garbage can, he\
	surreptitiously drops something inside.\
\
	It is a cellular phone and we watch the blue display as\
	the LINE CONNECTS.\
\
	An early 1970s, black Lincoln Continental emerges from a\
	corrugated roll-up garage.  Morpheus and Neo get in.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  LINCOLN CONTINENTAL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	An enormous man is waiting for them.  A wad of chewing\
	tobacco bulges his cheek.  He spits into a Coke can.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOJO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morpheus, been a long time coming.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You're looking well, Mojo.\
\
	Mojo coughs a brown, cankerous laugh, juice speckling his\
	chin and shirt.  He stares at Neo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOJO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You bringing us geriatrics now.\
			Morpheus?\
\
	He spits and laughs again.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOJO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Guess you are locking for a\
			miracle.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  BAR (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The Continental pulls up to a bar in the kind of\
	neighborhood where every corner has a pair of eyes.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  BAR (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	A lightless, lower-class bar.  No one enters that is not\
	expected.\
\
	The front doors open in a brilliant burst of sunlight as\
	Mojo leads Morpheus and Neo inside.  Neo looks around,\
	his eyes adjusting to the darkness.\
\
	Mojo talks to the bartender, then looks over.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOJO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			All right, it's cool.  Go on back.\
\
	They weave their way to the back of the bar, the STICKY\
	FLOOR SNAPPING under their FEET.\
\
	A monolith of a man rises from his stool as they walk up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					REX\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You're late.\
\
	He moves to the side, opening the heavy iron door behind\
	him.  They descend the basement staircase toward the\
	single bare bulb at the bottom, hanging above the only\
	door.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  BASEMENT (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	A high-tech laptop and modem are set up on a stack of\
	milk crates.  Neo waits as Morpheus types in a series of\
	access codes.  After a moment the screen blinks, "Welcome\
	Morpheus."\
\
	Morpheus walks back to the same door they entered, but it\
	now leads into --\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  TEMPLE OF ZION (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The walls and floors are polished marble.  Neo follows,\
	his mouth agape.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What -- what happened?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			This is the temple.  It is a part\
			of Zion's mainframe.  It's hidden\
			inside the Matrix so that we can\
			access it.\
\
	Two PRIESTESSES are waiting in the antechamber.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					PRIESTESS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hello, Morpheus.  We've been\
			expecting you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Okay, you're on your own.  Go with\
			them.\
\
	They take Neo by the arm, leading him down a hall into\
	another room.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					PRIESTESS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Wait here.  Among the other\
			Potentials.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ROOM OF POTENTIALS (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo enters and finally understands the attention given to\
	his age.  The Potentials are all little children.\
\
	The room feels at once like a Buddhist temple and a\
	kindergarten class.  The children's heads are either\
	shaved or thick with dreadlocks.  Some are playing,\
	others meditating or practicing their gift.\
\
	Neo watches a little girl levitate wooden alphabet\
	blocks.  A skinny BOY holds a SPOON which sways like a\
	blade of grass as he bends it with his rnind.\
\
	Neo crosses to him, sits.\
\
	The Boy smiles as Neo picks up a spoon and tries to\
	imitate him.  Despite his best efforts, Neo cannot make\
	it bend.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SPOON BOY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Your spoon does not bend because\
			it is just that, a spoon.  Mine \
			bends because there is no spoon,\
			just my mind.\
\
	Neo watches as it curls into a knot.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SPOON BOY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Link yourself to the spoon.\
			Become the spoon and bend\
			yourself.\
\
	Neo nods, again holding up his spoon.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			There is no spoon.  Right.\
\
	He concentrates.  The spoon begins to bend just as the\
	Priestess touches his shoulder.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					PRIESTESS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The Oracle will see you now.\
\
	Spoon Boy smiles.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  SHRINE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo enters nervously.  Beneath his feet is a path of the\
	zodiac leading to marbled stairs that rise to a dais and\
	a three-legged throne.\
\
	The throne is empty.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hello?\
\
	A DISTANT FEMALE VOICE calls to him and he follows it up\
	the stairs.  At the top of the dais, he smells something\
	cooking.\
\
	Following the scent, he moves behind the pillars where he\
	finds an open door.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					VOICE (O.S.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Just come on in.\
\
	He walks through a vestibule where he sees a fabulous\
	moonstone headdress and velvet robes.  A second door\
	leads into --\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ORACLE'S CHAMBERS (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	It looks like a suburban tract house.\
\
	There is a lot of cozy furniture, a dining roon hutch\
	filled with china, shelves and tables crowded with\
	doilies, knick-knacks and ceramic brick-a-brack.\
\
	Neo follows the plastic carpet runner to the kitchen.\
\
	A WOMAN is huddled beside the oven, peering inside\
	through the cracked door.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hello?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE (WOMAN)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I know.  You're Neo.  Be right\
			with you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You're the Oracle?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Bingo.  I got to say I love seeing\
			you non-believers.  It's really a\
			relief.  All that pomp and\
			circumstances just plain tucker me\
			out.  Almost done.  Smell good,\
			don't they?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yeah.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'd ask you to sit down, but\
			you're not going to anyway.  And\
			don't worry about the vase.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What vase?\
\
	He turns to look around and his elbow knocks a VASE from\
	the table.  It BREAKS against the linoleum floor.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The vase.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Shit, I'm sorry.\
\
	She pulls out a tray of chocolate chip cookies and turns.\
	She is an older woman, wearing big oven mitts,\
	comfortable slacks and a print blouse.  She looks like\
	someone's grandma.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I said don't worry about it.  I'll\
			get one of my kids to fix it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How did you know...?\
\
	She sets the cookie tray on a wooden hot-pad.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What's really going to bake your\
			noodle later on is, would you\
			still have broken it if I hadn't\
			said anything.\
\
	Smiling, she lights a cigarette.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You're cuter than I thought.  I\
			see why she likes you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Who?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Not too bright, though.\
\
	She winks.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You know why Morpheus brought you\
			to see me?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I think so.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			So? What do you think?  You think\
			you're the one?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I don't know.\
\
	She gestures to a wooden plaque, the kind every grandma\
	has, except that the words are in Latin.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You know what that means?  It's\
			Latin.  Means, 'Know thyself.'\
\
	She puts her cigarette down.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Well, let's have a look at you.\
\
	She widens his eyes, checks his ears, then feels the\
	glands in his neck.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Open your mouth.  Say, 'ahhh.'\
\
	She nods then looks at his palms.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hmmm.  You sure got the gift, but\
			it's tricky.  I'd say the bad news\
			is, you're not the one.  Still got\
			a lot to learn.  Maybe next life.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What's the good news?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Same as the bad news, you're not\
			the one.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Is that it, then?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No.  Here.\
\
	She picks up the tray of cooling cookies.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You better take a cookie.  Got a\
			big day ahead of you.\
\
	He eyes her, then takes a cookie.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					ORACLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Make a believer out of you yet.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ANTECHAMBER (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Morpheus rises from a bench as the Priestess escorts Neo\
	out.  When they are alone, Morpheus puts his hand on\
	Neo's shoulder.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You don't have to tell me\
			anything, Neo, because I already\
			know what she said.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You do?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I brought you so that you could\
			hear it for yourself.  I knew it\
			would help.\
\
	Neo finishes his cookie.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No one will ever ask you because\
			it is a gift from her.  It is for\
			you and you alone.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  CITY STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Storm clouds shroud the streets as the sky turns\
	jaundice.\
\
	Cypher nervously glances down the surrounding streets.\
	He notices several unmarked white vans.\
\
	He mops the sweat from his forehead, when Trinity sees\
	the black Lincoln.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Here they come.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	In the hovercraft, we see the sweat rolling down Cypher's\
	face and neck.\
\
	Tank is typing rapidly at the keyboard.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Weird.  This area never has this\
			much activity.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Apoc opens the side door and they enter the hotel.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ROOM 1313 (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Mouse's CELLULAR RINGS.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOUSE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Welcome to Movie-Phone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			They're on their way.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOUSE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Right.\
\
	The phone flips shut as he jumps up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOUSE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Let's get to work.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Light filters down the throat of the building through a\
	caged skylight at the top of the open elevator shaft.\
	Four figures glide up the dark stairs that wind around\
	the antique elevator.\
\
	Neo notices a black cat, a yellow-green-eyed shadow that\
	slinks past them and pads quickly down the stairs.\
\
	A moment later, Neo sees another black cat that looks and\
	moves identically to the first one.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Whoa.  Deja vu.\
\
	Those words stop the others dead in their tracks.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The monitors suddenly glitch as though the Matrix had an\
	electronic seizure.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Oh, shit!  Oh, shit!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Trinity turns around, her face tight.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What did you just say?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Nothing.  Just had a little deja\
			vu.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What happened?  What did you see?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			A black cat went past us and then\
			I saw another that looked just\
			like it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How much like it?  Was it the same\
			cat?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It might have been.  I'm not sure.\
\
	Trinity looks at Morpheus, who listens quietly to the\
	rasping breath of the old building.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What is it?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			A deja vu is usually a glitch in\
			the Matrix.  It happens when they\
			change something.\
\
	She also listens as the staccato BEAT of HELICOPTER\
	BLADES GROW ominously LOUDER.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Tank sees what was changed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It's a trap!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  STAIRCASE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Morpheus looks up the stairs as a helicopter shadow\
	passes over the clouded glass.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Come on!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ROOM 1313 (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Cable goes to the draped windows.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CABLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Did you just feel something weird?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOUSE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yeah...\
\
	The CELLULAR RINGS.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  BASEMENT (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Heavy bolt-cutters snap through the main phone cable.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ROOM 1313 (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Mouse answers the phone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOUSE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What's going on?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			They cut the hard-line!  It's a\
			trap!  Get out!\
\
	Cable yanks open the curtain.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CABLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Oh, no.\
\
	The windows are bricked up.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The door to the roof explodes open as heavily-armed rnen\
	rush towards room 1313.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Tank watches helplessly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No, no, no.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ROOM 1313 (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The door slams open and the police force pours in, dozens\
	of assault rifles surrounding Mouse and Cable who are\
	armed with only handguns.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CABLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morpheus!  It's a trap --\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  STAIRS (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Morpheus stops as the scream is drowned by the REPORT of\
	MACHINE GUNS filling the building with a terrible fury.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Oh, God.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Mouse's body thrashes against its harness as --\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ROOM 1313 (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	BULLETS POUND him against the blood-splattered brick\
	window.  Gun smoke thickens the room, Cable blasting and\
	moving until --\
\
	The HAMMER CLICKS empty.  He screams as a DOZEN GUNS OPEN\
	FIRE, ripping him apart.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Blood spits from Cable's mouth, his body spasming, then\
	lying perfectly still.\
\
	The flat-line ALARM softly cries out from the life\
	MONITORS of the two dead men.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	More police cars arrive as cops break open the lobby\
	doors.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  STAIRWELL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Flying downstairs, Morpheus stops, hearing the police\
	swarming below.  He turns and rushes down the hall of the\
	eighth floor.  At the end of it, he finds the bricked-up\
	windows.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			That's what they changed.  We're\
			trapped.  There's no way out.\
\
	The sound of heavy BOOT-STEPS close around them with the\
	mechanical sureness of a vice.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Give me your phone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			They'll be able to track it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We have no choice.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Tank answers the call.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Tank, find a structural drawing of\
			this building and find it fast.\
\
	His fingers pound the keyboard.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Flashlights probe the rotting darkness as the police\
	search every floor.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The diagram windows onto the screen.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Got it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I need the main wet-wall.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Smith pauses, his hand going to his earpiece.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ROOM 808 (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Morpheus is guided by Tank.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Now left and that's it in front of\
			you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Good.\
\
	He cuts off the phone.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Smith hears the LINE CLICK dead.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Eighth floor.  They're on the\
			eighth floor.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Brown hears Smith on his earphone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT BROWTJ\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Eighth floor!  Move!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  STAIRWELL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Cops flood the eighth floor, rushing everywhere.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ROOM 808 (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Several cops sweep through the room.  It is empty.  As\
	they pass the bathroom, we see a man-sized hole smashed\
	through the plaster and lathe.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  WALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	They are inside the main plumbing wall, slowly worming\
	their way down the greasy, black stack pipes.\
\
	Above them, light fills the hole they made to get inside.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Brown turns to Smith.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Where are they?\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ROOM 608 (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The cops search in silence, straining for a clue, when\
	one hears SOMETHING STRANGE near the bathroom.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  WALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Cypher has slipped and is wedged between the wall and\
	several thick supply pipes.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ROOM 608 (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The Cop leans in, his ear almost against the thin\
	membrane of plaster separating them.  He can hear\
	WHISPERS, HISSES and a GRUNT when --\
\
	The WALL suddenly bulges, SHATTER-CRACKING as the Cop\
	realizes --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					COP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			They're in the walls!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  WALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo pulls Cypher free just as the Cop OPENS FIRE --\
\
	BULLETS PUNCHING shafts of light like swords into the box\
	of soot-black space.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ROOM 608 (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The Cop keeps FIRING, his flashlight strapped to his gun\
	barrel, lighting up the wall until --\
\
	A BULLET spits out his forehead.  Agent Smith watches the\
	BODY fall with a THUD.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Are orders that hard to follow?\
			I'll say it again.  Morpheus must\
			be taken alive.  Understand?\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  WALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	They're almost falling, they're climbing so fast.\
\
	Above them, plaster is smashed open as crunbling bits\
	shower down on them, filling the crawlway with dust.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ROOM 608 (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Smith looks into the open wall, at the exposed\
	intestines of the building, and realizes where they are\
	going.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How like a rodent.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  WALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Just below, a RIFLE-BUTT SMASHES open the WALL, light\
	raking across the lathe.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					COP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I got him!  I got him!\
\
	Trinity finds her gun first.  BULLET-HOLES POP out the\
	WALL as she STRAFES the room, sending cops diving for\
	cover.\
\
	They continue, Trinity exposed for a roment, when a\
	creeping cop smashes a fist through and grabs a fistful\
	of her hair.\
\
	He starts to yank her out when Neo kicks, his boot\
	bursting through plaster and splintering lathe, knocking\
	the Cop out.\
\
	They then quickly sink out of sight.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  BASEMENT (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	This part of the basement, a dark concrete cavern, was\
	the main mechanical room.  There are four enormous\
	boilers, dinosaur-like technology that once pumped hot\
	water like arteries.\
\
	Black and bloody, they squeeze out from the ceiling into\
	the tangled web of pipes.\
\
	Their enemies are waiting for them.\
\
	Blinding lights cut open the darkness as gas-masked\
	figures FIRE GRENADE LAUNCHERS.\
\
	Smoke blossoms from the green-metal canisters.\
\
	Morpheus never stops moving.  Searching the floor, he\
	finds what.he needs; the cover of the catch basin.\
\
	Cypher watches him pry open the grate, when a gas can\
	bounces near him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Come on!\
\
	Cypher seems to trip as the cloud envelops him.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Cypher's body begins to shiver uncontrollably.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Nerve gas.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  BASEMENT (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Morpheus watches Cypher disappear into the smoke then\
	follows the others down the wet-black hole.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  CATCH BASIN (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	They crawl through greasy black water in a three foot\
	diameter pipe that feeds into the sewer main.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  BASEMENT (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Gas-masked apparitions find the open hole.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Cypher is carried out, hand-cuffed, his body still\
	shaking, mucus bubbling out his nose.  As he is led past\
	Agent Smith, it almost seems that both men smile.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We have them now.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  SEWER MAIN (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo punches out the screen and then spills down into the\
	main water trough.\
\
	Oily water forms around them as they wade across the man-\
	made underground river, towards the service catwalk.\
\
	Neo is about to pull himself out when he sees them coming.\
\
	Flashlights and laser sites sweep at them as cops in\
	helmets and heavy armor, looking more nachine than human,\
	fill both ends of the tunnel.\
\
	There is a single manhole cover above them.\
\
	Morpheus whispers to Trinity.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You have to get Neo out.\
			Understand?  That's all that\
			matters now.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morpheus, don't --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He must get out.  Do you\
			understand me?\
\
	She nods.\
\
	A font of water erupts as Morpheus leaps for the manhole\
	ladder, his coat flying open like the wings of a manta\
	ray.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					COPS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			There he is!  That's him!\
\
	Pools of light wash over him as he hauls himself to the\
	surface.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					COP\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He's heading for the street!\
\
	Trinity urges the others to follow her.  Grabbing Neo,\
	they wade quietly away from the chaos.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Morpheus shoots out of the sewer but the police are\
	waiting for him.  The closest cop is armed with a\
	tranquilized gun.  He fires --\
\
	But Morpheus' is too fast, using the manhole cover as a\
	shield, blocking the darts, then --\
\
	Frisbee-ing it into the cop's armored chest, knocking him\
	off his feet.\
\
	The cops lunge at him but every part of his body is a\
	deadly weapon moving with impossible speed.\
\
	It seems he might fight his way out when he throws a\
	spinning back fist that is caught by --\
\
	Agent Smith.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			So, we meet at last.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			And you are?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Smith.  I am Agent Smith.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You all look the same to me.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I've been waiting for this noment.\
\
	Faster than a snake spits, Morpheus cracks Smith with a\
	jaw-breaking right.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 				MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Oh, so have I.\
\
	Agent Smith smiles.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  SEWER MAIN (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Trinity leads the others, fading into the darkness of the\
	tunnel, lit only with shafts of lights streaming through\
	the street drains as we RISE TOWARDS them --\
\
	THROUGH a grate INTO the fight.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Smith and Morpheus exchange a furious serious of blows\
	that is witnessed but not believed by the surrounding\
	police.\
\
	Agent Smith delivers a punishing kick that staggers\
	Morpheus.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You can't win.\
\
	Morpheus smiles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I already have.\
\
	He stands up and drops his fists; a steely resolve in his\
	eyes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Take him.\
\
	Cops swarm over Morpheus.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Tank reaches out to the screen as if reaching for\
	Morpheus.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Cuff ed and beaten, Morpheus is thrown into a caged\
	transport vehicle.  The DOOR CLANGS shut.\
\
	Agent Jones finds Agent Smith.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The others were lost.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You've taken care of Reagan?\
\
	Agent Jones nods.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Then the others do not matter.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	A manhole cover cracks open.  Two eyes peek out just as a\
	TRUCK RATTLES over it.  The THUNDER DOPPLERS AWAY and the\
	cover opens.\
\
	Neo, Trinity, Switch and Apoc climb out.  Trinity pulls a\
	water-logged phone from her pocket.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We need a phone.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Tank is again at the monitors, searching the Matrix.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We gotta find the others.  They're\
			still alive.\
\
	The PHONE RINGS.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Operator.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I need an exit!  Fast!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Cypher?  I thought they had you?\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Cypher is standing at a public phone.  Across the street\
	is the burning paddy wagon that appears to have collided\
	witli an oncoming car.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			There was an accident.  A fucking\
			car accident.  All of a sudden.\
			Boom.  They're all dead.  I still\
			got the shakes but, Jesus,\
			someone's going to make a believer\
			out of me.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Dozer spots the wreck.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					DOZER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			There he is.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I got you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Just get me outta here.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Nearest exit is Franklin and Erie.\
			An old appliance store.\
\
	Cypher hangs up and smiles as the fire trucks arrive.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			An actor.  Definitely.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The PHONE RINGS.  Tank answers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Operator.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Tank, it's me.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	They are outside a pawn shop.  Trinity has a new cellular.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We need an exit!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Gotcha.  You're not far from\
			Cypher.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Cypher, I thought --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			So did we.  That boy's got nine\
			lives.  I sent him to Franklin and\
			Erie.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Got it.\
\
	She hangs up.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Running, Cypher turns onto Erie.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  APPLIANCE STORE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Dead machines, eviscerated and shrouded with dust lay on\
	metal shelves like bodies in a morgue.\
\
	Plywood covering a small window is ripped off and Cypher\
	crawls inside.\
\
	Deep in the back room, a PHONE that has not rung in years\
	begins to RING.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Tank punches the emit command.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Got him.\
\
	Cypher's body twitches in its harness, jerking itself\
	awake.  His eyes blink open.  Dozer unplugs him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					DOZER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			System check looks fine.\
\
	Cypher stands, a raspy cough spewing from his lungs.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Trinity sees the appliance shop.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Cypher holds his chest.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					DOZER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You okay?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Goddamn gas.  My lungs are killing\
			me.\
\
	He crosses to an overhead bin.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We got any pain killers?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					DOZER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The first aid kit's over here.\
\
	As Dozer stoops for a cabinet, Cypher pulls back a heavy\
	blanket exposing a plasma rifle.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  APPLIANCE STORE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo crawls through the window that Cypher opened.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Tank finishes loading the exit programs as Cypher rises\
	behind him, swinging the weapon at his back.\
\
	He looks over as Dozer turns with the first aid kit, a\
	look of frozen disbelief crossing his face --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					DOZER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No!\
\
	Tank spins as red hot wads of PLASMA EXPLODE through his\
	chair and into his back.  Diving, a second BURST tears up\
	his side --\
\
	As Dozer shoots a look at the monitor where Tank was\
	working.  He stabs the enter command activating the exit\
	sequence and ducks under a BARRAGE of PLASMA FIRE-\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  APPLIANCE STORE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The PHONE begins to RING as the others crawl in.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SWITCH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			God, I love that sound.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Dozer rolls up, grabbing a heavy crowbar from a box of\
	tools.\
\
	Cypher circles the drive chairs as the sights of the\
	plasma rifle find Dozer's face.\
\
	Dozer charges, screaming, and the PLASMA RIFLE SCREAMS\
	back.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  APPLIANCE STORE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The PHONE is still RINGING.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You first,.Neo.\
\
	Neo answers the phone when there is a CLICK.  There is no\
	signal.  Nothing but silence.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What happened?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I don't know.  It just went dead.\
\
	Trinity listens to the dead line and takes out the\
	cellular.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT. MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The operator PHONE begins to RING- Cypher steps over the\
	body of Tank and looks at the monitor.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  APPLIANCE STORE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Trinity can almost feel him watching them.  Every\
	unanswered RING wrings her gut a little tighter, until --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hello, Trinity.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Cypher?  Where's Tank?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He had an accident.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			An accident?  What about Dozer?\
			Is Dozer there?\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	He walks over to Trinity's body, staring down at it\
	hanging in its coma-like stillness.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You know, for a long time, I\
			thought I was in love with you,\
			Trinity.  I used to dream about\
			you...\
\
	He nuzzles his face against hers, feeling the softness of\
	it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You are a beautiful woman.  Too\
			bad things had to work out like\
			this.\
\
	We INTERCUT BETWEEN the appliance store and the main\
	deck.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You killed them.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					APOC\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What?!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SWITCH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Oh God.\
\
	Wearing Tank's operator headgear, Cypher moves among the\
	silent bodies.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			In a way you're very lucky.  Most\
			people never know why they die.\
			One minute they're alive, the next\
			they're dead.  No warning.\
			Nothing.  That's why I thought\
			maybe I should tell you.  It\
			seemed the least I could do.\
\
	He stands over the body of Morpheus, as his anger boils\
	up out of him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You see, the truth, the real,truth\
			is that the war is over.  It's\
			been over for a long time.  And\
			guess what?  We lost!  Did you\
			hear that?  We lost the war!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What about Zion?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Zion?  Zion is a part of this\
			delusion.  More of this madness.\
			That's why this has to be done.\
			It has to end.  Now and forever.\
\
	She suddenly sees the entire dark plan.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Oh rny God.  This is abzut Zion.\
			You gave them Morpheus for the\
			access codes to Zion.\
\
	Cypher walks away from Morpheus and bends down next to\
	Apoc's body.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You see, Trinity, we humans have a\
			place in the future.  But it's not\
			here.  It's in the Matrix.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The Matrix isn't real!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Oh, I disagree, Trinity.  I\
			disagree.  I think the Matrix is\
			more real than this world.  I\
			mean, all I do is pull a plug\
			here.  But there, you watch a man\
			die.\
\
	He grabs hold of the cable in Apoc's neck, twists it and\
	yanks it out.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You tell me which is more real.\
\
	Apoc seems to go blind for an instant, a scream caught in\
	his throat, his hands reaching for nothing, and then\
	falls dead.  Switch screams.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Welcome to the real world, right?\
\
	He laughs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Somehow, some way, you're going to\
			pay for this.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Pay for it?  I'm not even going to\
			remember it.  It'll be like it\
			never happened.  The tree falling\
			in the forest.  It doesn't make a\
			sound.\
\
	His hand slides around the neck of Switch as he takes\
	hold of her plug.\
\
	She suddenly feels her body severed from her mind as she\
	is murdered.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Goddamn you, Cypher!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Don't hate me, Trinity.  I'm just\
			the messenger.  And right now I'm\
			going to prove that the message is\
			true.\
\
	He stands over Neo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			If Morpheus was right, then\
			there's no way I can pull this\
			plug, is there?\
\
	She turns to Neo, eyes wide with fear, and he knows he is\
	next.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					CYPHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			If he is the One, then in the next\
			few seconds there has to be some\
			kind of miracle to stop me.\
			Because if he dies like the others\
			that means Morpheus was wrong.\
			How can he be the One if he's\
			dead?\
\
	He takes hold of the cord when --\
\
	She hears an EXPLOSION and a scream.\
\
	Cypher is on the ground, his left leg blown off at the\
	knee.  He rolls over and finds Tank on the ground, and\
	the sights of the plasma rifle.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How's it feel, Cypher?  Knowing\
			you're about to die?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It's Tank!  He's alive.\
\
	Cypher lunges for Neo's plug just as Tank BLOWS his head\
	off.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  APPLIANCE STORE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	They're both listening, trying to figure out what is\
	happening when the store PHONE starts to RING.\
\
	Trinity smiles, tears moistening her eyes as Neo throws\
	his arms around her.  For a moment, it looks as if they\
	might kiss before Trinity lets go.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We should, we should hurry.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yeah.  Right.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Trinity's eyes open, a sense of relief surging through\
	her at the sight of the ship.  As Tank unplugs her, she\
	sees his charred wounds.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Tank, you're hurt.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'll be all right.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Dozer?\
\
	Tank's face tightens.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'm sorry, Tank.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  NIKO HOTEL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	A Japanese luxury hotel in downtown Chicago.\
\
	A military helicopter sets down on the roof.  Heavily\
	armed Marines begin to deploy.\
\
	Agent Jones gets out of the helicopter, flanked by\
	columns of Marines.  They open the roof access door\
	and enter the top-floor maintenance level of the hotel.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  TOP FLOOR (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	They get in the elevator.  At every door, at least two\
	Marines stop and post guard.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	They exit the elevator and walk to the Presidential\
	suite; the final two Marines post guard.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Inside, he finds Agent Smith.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			There is a problem.  Reagan has\
			failed to secure the hardware.\
\
	Agent Smith stares out the window.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Never send a human to do a\
			machine's job.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			But if Reagan has failed, why\
			haven't they pulled the plug?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Haven't you learned by now, that\
			it is impossible to understand why\
			they do the things they do?\
\
	He turns.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Continue as planned.  Trace his\
			signal to locate their position\
			and deploy an extermination unit.\
\
	Morpheus is handcuffed to a chair, stripped to the waist.\
	He is bleeding from numerous wounds and is pumped full of\
	serum, alternately shivering and sweating.  He is hooked\
	up to various monitors with white disk electrodes.\
\
	Agent Brown begins running a trace program.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo looks at Morpheus whose body is covered with a cold\
	sweat.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What are they doing to him?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			They're cracking his mind.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			They inject virus-like serums to\
			break down the system.  It's like\
			cracking a computer.  All it takes\
			is time.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How much time?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Depends on the mind.  But\
			eventually, it will crack and his\
			alpha pattern will change from\
			this to this.\
\
	Tank punches several commands on Morpheus' personal unit.\
	The monitor waves change from a chaotic pattern to an\
	orderly symmetrical one.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			When it does, Morpheus will tell\
			them anything they want to know.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The access codes to Zion.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			If an agent got inside Zion's\
			mainframe he could do anything.\
			Disable the defense system. It\
			would be the end of us.\
\
	He looks up at Trinity who is pacing relentlessly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We can't let that happen.  We have\
			to do it, Trinity.  Zion has to be\
			protected.\
\
	Trinity sees Cypher's dead body.  Rage overtakes her and\
	she starts kicking hin.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Goddamnit!  Goddamnit!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We have to pull the plug.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We don't have any other choice.\
\
	Those words are like using gasoline to put out a fire and\
	we watch the pain in her eyes burn into a blaze.  She\
	walks past him and gets into her chair.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Trinity, what are you doing?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'm going in after him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morpheus could conform at any\
			minute --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			If he does I'm sure you'll do what\
			has to be done.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You saw that place.  It's suicide.\
\
	She glares at him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I know what Morpheus means to\
			you --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No.  No, I don't think you do.  If\
			you did, then you would know that\
			I'm not letting him go.  Not\
			without a fight, Tank.\
\
	She yanks her harness tight.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Not without a fight.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Smith stands in the bedroon of the enormous suite,\
	staring out the windows at the city, below, shimmering\
	with brilliant sunlight.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Have you ever stood and stared at\
			it, Morpheus?  Marveled at its\
			beauty.  Its genius.  Billions of\
			people just living out their \
			lives... oblivious.\
\
	Agent Brown sucks a serum from a glass vial, filling a\
	hypodermic needle.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Did you know that the first Matrix\
			was designed to be a perfect human\
			world?  Where none suffered, where\
			everyone would be happy.  It was a\
			disaster.  No one would accept the\
			program.  Entire crops were lost.\
\
	Agent Brown jams the needle into Morpheus' shoulder, and\
	plunges down.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Some believed we lacked the\
			programming language to describe\
			your perfect world.  But I believe\
			that, as a species, human beings\
			define their reality through\
			suffering and misery.\
\
	Agent Brown studies the screens as the life signs react\
	violently to the injection.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The perfect world was a dream that\
			your primitive cerebrum kept\
			trying to wake up from.  Which is\
			why the Matrix was re-designed to\
			this:  the peak of your\
			civilization.\
\
	He turns from the window.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I say 'your civilization' because\
			as soon as we start thinking for\
			you, it really becomes our\
			civilization, which is, of course,\
			what this is all about.\
\
	He sits down directly in front of Morpheus.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Evolution, Morpheus.  Evolution.\
\
	He lifts Morpheus' head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Like the dinosaur.  Look out that\
			window.  You had your time.\
\
	Morpheus stares hard at him, trying hard not to show the\
	pain racking his mind.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The future is our world, Morpheus.\
			The future is our time.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo goes to his chair and begins strapping in.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What do you think you're doing?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You need help.  I'm coming with\
			you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No.  No way.  Morpheus sacrificed\
			himself so you could escape.\
			There's no way you're going back\
			in.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morpheus did what he did because\
			he believed that I'm something\
			that I'm not.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'm not the One, Trinity.  The\
			Oracle told me.\
\
	Trinity is stunned.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			She said I had a gift but I still\
			had a lot to learn.  She told me\
			maybe next life.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Did you tell Morpheus?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Why?  It wouldn't mean anything.\
			He'd still believe what he wanted\
			to believe.  But Morpheus is the\
			one that matters.  He's more\
			important than me and we both know\
			it.\
\
	He straps in.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I may not be what Morpheus thinks\
			I am, but if I don't try to help\
			him, then I'm not even what I\
			think I am.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What are you?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			His friend.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Smith sits casually across from Morpheus who is\
	hunched over, his body leaking and twitching.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'd like to share a revelation\
			that I've had during my time here.\
			It came to me when I tried to\
			classify your species.  I've\
			realized that you are not actually\
			mammals.\
\
	The life signs continue their chaotic patterns.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Every mammal on this planet\
			instinctively develops a natural\
			equilibrium with the surrounding\
			environment.  But you humans do\
			not.  You move to an area and you\
			multiply and multiply until every\
			natural resource is consumed and\
			the only way you can survive is to\
			spread to another area.\
\
	He leans forward.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			There is another organism on this\
			planet that follows the same\
			pattern.  Do you know what it is?\
			A virus.\
\
	He smiles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Human beings are a disease, a\
			cancer of this planet.  You are a\
			plague.  And we are... the cure.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Trinity and Neo hang motionless in the suspension unit.\
	Tank is at the operations station.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Okay.  Store's open.  What do you\
			need?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Guns.  Lots of guns.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Coming right up.\
\
	He loads the weapons disk.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  CONSTRUCT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Racks of weapons appear and Neo and Trinity arm\
	themselves.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No one has ever done anything like\
			this.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yeah?\
\
	He snap cocks an Uzi.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			That's why it's going to work.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Smith is again at the window.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Why isn't the serum working?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Perhaps we are asking the wrong\
			questions.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Or he doesn't know.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Of course he knows.  He's\
			resisting.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			How?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I don't know.  If I knew...\
\
	Agent Smith hides his knotting fist.  He is becoming\
	angry.  It is something that isn't supposed to happen to\
	agents.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Leave me with him.\
\
	Agent Brown and Jones look at each other.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Now!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Tank sits down beside Morpheus whose face is ashen like\
	someone near death.  He takes hold of his hand.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hold on, Morpheus.  They're coming\
			for you.  They're coming.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  NIKO HOTEL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	A dark wind blows.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  NIKO HOTEL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	In long, black coats, Trinity and Neo push through the\
	revolving doors.\
\
	Neo is carrying a duffel bag.  Trinity has a large metal\
	suitcase.  They cut across the lobby drawing nervous\
	glances.\
\
	Dark glasses, game faces.\
\
	Several plainclothes cops try to stop them.  They are met\
	by the MUTED SPIT of a SILENCED GUN and the RAZORED\
	WHISTLE of THROWING STARS.\
\
	The cops slump down to the marbled floor while Neo and\
	Trinity do not even break stride.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Smith leans close to Morpheus, whispering to him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Can you hear me, Morpheus?  I'm\
			going to be honest with you.\
\
	He removes his earphone, letting it dangle over his\
	shoulder.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I hate this place.  This zoo.\
			This prison.  This reality,\
			whatever you want to call it, I\
			can't stand it any longer.  It's\
			the smell, if there is such a\
			thing.  I feel saturated by it.  I\
			can taste your stink and every\
			time I do, I fear that I've\
			somehow been infected by it.\
\
	He wipes sweat from Morpheus' forehead, coating the tips\
	of his fingers, holding them to Morpheus' nose.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Repulsive, isn't it?\
\
	He lifts Morpheus' head, holding it tightly with both\
	hands.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I must get out of here, I must get\
			free.  In this mind is tlie key.\
			My key.\
\
	Morpheus sneers through his pain.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Once Zion is gone, there's no\
			need for me to be here.  Do you\
			understand?  I need the codes.  I\
			have to get inside Zion.  You have\
			to tell me how.\
\
	He begins squeezing, his fingers gouging into his flesh.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Tell me!  Tell me!\
\
	The skull is about to shatter when Agents Jones and Brown\
	burst into the room.  Agent Smith releases Morpheus.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What were you doing?\
\
	Agent Smith recovers, replacing his ear piece.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You don't know.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Know what?\
\
	Agent Smith listens to his earphone, not believing what\
	he is hearing.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ELEVATORS (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	They get in.  Trinity immediately drops and opens the\
	suitcase, wiring a plastique and napalm bomb.\
\
	Beneath their trench coats is an arsenal of weapons slung\
	from climbing harnesses.\
\
	Neo hits the emergency stop.  He pulls down part of the\
	false ceiling and finds the elevator shaft access panel.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Jones looks at Morpheus.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I think they're trying to save\
			him.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ELEVATOR SHAFT (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo ratchets down a clamp onto the elevator cable.  Both\
	of them lock on.  He looks up the long, dark throat of\
	the building and takes a deep breath.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			There is no spoon.\
\
	Neo whips out his gun and presses it to the cable, lower\
	than where they attached themselves.\
\
	BOOM!  The CABLE SNAPS.\
\
	The counter-weights plummet, yanking Trinity and Neo up\
	through the shaft as --\
\
	The elevator falls away beneath them, distending space,\
	filling it with the sound of WHISTLING METAL as they soar\
	to the top.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  LOBBY (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The ELEVATOR hits the botton.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	BA-BOOM!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The massive EXPLOSION blows open the doors, fire clouds\
	engulfing the elevator section of the lobby.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The Agents hear the BLAST AND FIRE ALARMS.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Lower level --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			They are actually attacking.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ELEVATOR SHAFT (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Hanging by a rope, Trinity hot-wires the panel for the\
	door.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  TOP FLOOR (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Nervous, the Marines watch as the ELEVATOR "DINGS" softly\
	and slides open.\
\
	Black smoke rises out of the exposed shaft.\
\
	The nearest Marine eases to the edge, peering down at the\
	churning blaze engulfing the lower levels.\
\
	He does not see Trinity and Neo above him until it is too\
	late.\
\
	Krack!  Neo kicks, knocking the Marine flying down into\
	the shaft.\
\
	Before the others can react, Trinity flips out into the\
	hall, decking the nearest Marine.  Neo cracks another.\
\
	The fight is over before it begins.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	An enormous EXPLOSION THUNDERS above them, shaking the\
	building.  The ALARM SOUNDS, emergency sprinklers begin\
	showering the room.\
\
	Agent Smith smashes a table.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Find them and destroy them!\
\
	Agent Jones nods and touches his ear piece.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  ROOF (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The roof-access tower is now engulfed in flames as Neo\
	and Trinity lay waste to a dozen more Marines.\
\
	Guns and knives, like extensions of their bodies used\
	with the same deadly precision as their feet and their\
	fists.\
\
	Across the roof, the pilot inside the army helicopter\
	watches the ferocious onslaught.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					PILOT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I repeat, we are under attack!\
\
	Suddenly his face, his whole body dissolves, consumed by\
	spreading locust-like swarm, of STATIC as --\
\
	Agent Jones emerges.\
\
	Just as she drops the last Marine, Trinity sees what's\
	coming.\
\
	Neo sees her, the fear in her face, and he knows what is\
	behind him.\
\
	Screaming, he whirls, GUNS filling his hands with\
	thought-speed.\
\
	Fingers PUMPING, SHELLS ejecting, dancing up and away, we\
	look through the sights and gun smoke at --\
\
	The Agent blurred with motion --\
\
	Until the HAMMERS CLICK against empty metal.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Trinity!\
\
	Agent Jones charges.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			... help.\
\
	His GUN BOOMS as we enter the liquid space of --\
\
	Bullet-time.\
\
	The AIR SIZZLES with wads of lead-like angry flies as Neo\
	twists, bends, ducks just between them.\
\
	Agent Jones still running, narrows the gap, the BULLETS\
	coming faster until --\
\
	Neo bent impossibly back, one hand on the ground as a\
	spiraling gray ball shears open his shoulder.\
\
	He starts to scream as another digs a red groove across\
	his thigh.\
\
	He has only time to look up, to see the barrel when Agent\
	Jones, standing over him, pulls the TRIGGER the final\
	time.\
\
	CLICK.  Empty.\
\
	Neo rolls, reaching for another gun when around-house\
	kick snaps his jaw.  Agent Jones grabs the gun and levels\
	it at Neo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Only human...\
\
	Suddenly Agent Jones stops.  Something is wrong.  He\
	scans the roof.  Trinity is gone.\
\
	Immediately, he whirls around and turns straight into the\
	muzzle of her .45 --\
\
	Jammed right into his head.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Dodge this, motherfucker!\
\
	BOOM!  BOOM!  BOOM!  The body flies back with a flash of\
	mercurial light and when it hits the ground --\
\
	It is the pilot.\
\
	Trinity helps Neo up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Thanks.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You're hit --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'm fine.\
\
	Neo is already looking at the helicopter.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Can you fly that thing?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Not yet.\
\
	She pulls out a cellular phone.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Tank is back at the controls.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Operator.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Tank, I need a pilot program for a\
			military M-109 helicopter.\
\
	Tank is immediately searching the disk drawers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hurry!\
\
	His fingers flash over the gleaming laser disks, finding\
	one that he feeds into Trinityls supplement drive,\
	punching the "load" cormands on her keyboard.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  ROOF (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Trinity's eyes flutter as information surges into her\
	brain, all the essentials of flying a helicopter absorbed\
	at light-speed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Let's go.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Marines, trying to communicate with the men on the roof,\
	are beginning to panic when Agent Jones comes around the\
	corner.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SERGEANT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Sir!  Sir!  There was gunfire --\
			we've lost communication with the\
			roof!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Remain at your posts.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SERGEANT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			But, sir -- the fire -- we should\
			evacuate!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You will do as you are ordered!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					SERGEANT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Yes, sir.\
\
	Agent Jones marches into the Presidential Suite.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Jones throws open the bedroom door and enters,\
	walking through the puddles pooling in the carpet.\
\
	Over the RUSHING WATER and the ALARMS, Agent Smith hears\
	a SOUND and understands the seriousness of the attack.\
\
	He turns to the wall of windows as the helicopter drops\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INTO VIEW --\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo is in the back bay, aiming the mounted .50 machine\
	gun.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No.\
\
	The GUN jumps and BULLETS EXPLODE through the WINDOW in a\
	cacophony of CRASHING GLASS --\
\
	As the Agents go for their weapons.\
\
	But Neo is too close, the .50 CALIBER too fast and\
	BULLETS are everywhere, perforating the room.\
\
	Agent Smith is hit first, his body jack-knifing back,\
	blood arcing out with a sudden flash of light --\
\
	Then Agent Brown, his GUN still FIRING as his body falls.\
\
	And finally Agent Jones.\
\
	Neo stares at Morpheus, trying to will him into action.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Get up, Morpheus!  Get up!\
\
	Morpheus sits unmoving, his head still down.\
\
	Neo grabs the climbing rope just as marines burst into\
	the adjoining room.\
\
	He attaches only one end to his harness when they OPEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	FIRE.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Quickly he swings the GUN, SPRAYING the other room,\
	WINDOWS SHATTERING, FURNITURE EXPLODING, marines diving\
	for cover.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Just outside the Presidential Suite, three marines\
	blister with snow-static.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Morpheus lifts his face into the room's rain.  His eyes,\
	still white, begin to blink, twitch, then close.\
\
	And when he opens them, they are again dark and flashing\
	with fire.\
\
	The Agents knife into the room, FIRING even as Neo's\
	BULLET TRAILS chase them.\
\
	Morpheus strains at his handcuffs.\
\
	The Agents and the marines turn the tide, BLASTING LEAD,\
	RICOCHETING, POCK-MARKING the COPTER.\
\
	FIRING wildly, Neo turns to see Morpheus rising, snapping\
	the handcuffs, starting for the window.\
\
	Agent Smith stops and sees Morpheus run past the open\
	bedroom door.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Nooo!\
\
	He FIRES, sweeping across the sheetrocked wall in a\
	perfect line.\
\
	For an instant, we see the BULLETS SHRED, PUNCTURING the\
	WALL, searing through the wet air with jet trails of\
	chalk.\
\
	And as Morpheus starts to dive for the window, a bullet\
	buries itself in his leg --\
\
	Knocking him off balance.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He won't make it.\
\
	Morpheus lunges, out of control --\
\
	As Neo spins, every move a whip crack --\
\
	Snapping the other rope-end onto a bolted bar.\
\
	Morpheus begins to fall when Neo hurls himself into the\
	wide blue empty space --\
\
	Flying for a moment.\
\
	The rope snaking out behind him; an umbilical cord\
	attached to a machine.\
\
	As their two bodies, set in motion, rushing at each other\
	on a seemingly magnetic course until --\
\
	They collide.\
\
	Almost bouncing free of each other, arms, legs,\
	scrambling, hands searching in furious desperation,\
	finding hold and clinging.\
\
	Until the line ends, snapping taut, cracking their\
	fragile embrace.  Morpheus tumbles, legs flipping over,\
	falling down --\
\
	The ground deliriously distant --\
\
	As Neo snatches hold of his mentor's still handcuffed\
	wrist.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Gotcha!\
\
	Trinity is already pulling the copter up and away.\
\
	As Agent Smith grabs the M-16 from the nearest marine.\
\
	He'll bring them all down.  Targeting the helicopter, he\
	aims at something only he can see: the oil line.\
\
	PONK.  PONK.  PONK.  The rear HULL is PUNCHED full of\
	holes and smoke and oil pours out like black blood.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Shit-shit-no!\
\
	Neo is pulling Morpheus up to him when he hears the\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	HELICOPTER BEGIN TO DIE.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Oh fuck.\
\
	Trinity throws the helicopter towards the roof of the\
	nearest building.\
\
	Morpheus and Neo cling to one another as they and the\
	machine above them begin to fall.\
\
	The ENGINE GRINDS, the CHOPPING BLADES start to slow\
	while --\
\
	The Agents stand in the open shattered window, watching\
	the helicopter disappear behind taller buildings.\
\
	Carried by its nomentum, Trinity guides the parabolic\
	fall over the nearest roof where --\
\
	Neo and Morpheus drop safely, rolling free as the rope\
	goes slack.  Neo gets to his feet, trying to detach\
	himself but --\
\
	The helicopter is falling too fast, arcing over the roof\
	like a setting sun --\
\
	The coils of slack snap taught --\
\
	Yanking Neo off his feet, dragging him with ferocious\
	speed towards the edge even as --\
\
	Trinity lunges for the back door, her gun in one hand,\
	grabbing for the rope with the other --\
\
	Neo flies like a skipping stone, hurtling straight AT us,\
	when his feet hit the rain gutter --\
\
	A fulcrum that levers him up just as --\
\
	Trinity FIRES, severing the cord from the HELICOPTER,\
	falling free of it as it SMASHES, blades first into a \
	glass skyscraper.\
\
	Holding onto the rope she swings, connected to Neo, who\
	stands on the building's edge watching her arc beneath\
	him as the HELICOPTER EXPLODES --\
\
	She bounces against a shatterproof window that spider-\
	cracks out while FLAMES ERUPT behind her.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Tank stares at the screen, his mouth agape.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He's the One.  He's got to be...\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  ROOFTOP (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo pulls Trinity up into his arms.  Both shaking, they\
	hold each other again.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I knew it!  I goddamn knew it!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morpheus!\
\
	She runs at him, throwing her arms around him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do you believe me now?  He's the\
			One!  Who else could have done\
			this?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morpheus, I know you won't believe\
			me but the Oracle told ne I'm not\
			the One.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It doesn't matter if I don't\
			believe you --\
\
	His eyes light up.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What matters is that you don't\
			believe her.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  MAIN DECK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The PHONE RINGS.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Tank, get us out of here.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Got one ready.  An underground El\
			station.  State and Balbo.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			See ya soon.\
\
	LINE GOES DEAD.  Tank looks at the bodies and smiles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			See ya soon.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  ROOFTOP (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The rope is all that remains.  Agent Smith can barely\
	control his anger.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The trace was completed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			We have their position.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			The extermination unit is in\
			place.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT JONES\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Order the strike.\
\
	Agent Smith can't stand listening to them.  He moves to\
	the edge of the building, looking out at the surrounding\
	city.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			They're not out yet.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  "EL" STATION (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	A metal gate is locked, the sign reading, "Station\
	Closed."  Neo looks around, takes out a GUN and BLOWS OFF\
	the LOCK.\
\
	In the moist underground distance they hear the MUTED\
	RING of a TELEPHONE.\
\
	The PHONE is RINGING inside a graffiti-covered booth.\
\
	Across from it, sitting hunched against the red concrete\
	wall, is an OLD MAN.  He stares at the RINGING PHONE,\
	taking a final pull off his T-bird.  No one is around.\
	It continues to RING.\
\
	Determined, he stands and walks to the booth.  He is\
	about to answer the phone, when Neo sees him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Don't!\
\
	The Old Man stops, Neo rushes at hin, gliding smoothly\
	over the turnstiles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					OLD MAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'm sorry -- I didn't mean!\
\
	The Old Man is shaking, terrified.  Neo looks at his gun.\
	He glances over his shoulder, then eases back the hammer.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Get outta here.  Okay?  Run!  Go!\
\
	The Old Man nods, turns and hurries deeper into the urban\
	cave, disappearing into the shadows as Trinity and\
	Morpheus arrive.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What happened?  Was that --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It was nobody.\
\
	Neo turns to the RINGING BOOTH.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Let's go!  You first, Morpheus.\
\
	Morpheus gets in and answers the phone.\
\
	Lost in the shadow, the Old Man turns back and watches as\
	Morpheus disappears, the phone dropping, dangling by its\
	cord.\
\
	His eyes grow wide, glowing white in the dark.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  ROOFTOP (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Smith stares, his face twisted with hate.  He will\
	never be free of the Matrix.\
\
	He starts to turn from the edge of the building when he\
	suddenly hears it, his head whipping back around,\
	staring --\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  "EL" STATION (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	As the Old Man stares.\
\
	Trinity hangs up the phone.  She turns to Neo, standing\
	close enough to kiss him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Morpheus is right, you know.  It\
			doesn't matter what he believes or\
			even what the Oracle believes.\
			What matters is what you believe.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I believe...\
\
	He stares at the fullness of her lips.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I want to kiss you.\
\
	She smiles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I want to kiss you too...\
\
	The PHONE begins to RING.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			But I want it to be real.\
\
	She pulls herself away and gets into the booth when\
	something catches Neo's eye and he looks to where the Old\
	Man had been.\
\
	She hears him SCREAM and sees Agent Smith emerge as if\
	formed by congealing darkness, charging with a fistful of\
	metal.\
\
	The GUN FIRES, the BULLET flying at her, BURSTING through\
	the plastic WINDOW just as --\
\
	Trinity disappears.\
\
	The handset hanging in the air as the BULLET HITS,\
	SHATTERING the EAR-PIECE.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Trinity blinks, shivering as her conscious exits the\
	Construct.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Neo!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What the hell just happened?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			An Agent!  You have to send me\
			back!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I can't!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  "EL" STATION (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	GUN REPORT THUNDERS through the underground, both men\
	BLASTING, moving at impossible speed.\
\
	For a blinking noment we enter BULLET-TIME.\
\
	Gun flash tongues curl from Neols gun, bullets float\
	forward like a plane noving across the sky, cartridges\
	cartwheel into space.\
\
	An instant later they are nearly on top of each other,\
	rolling up out of a move that is almost a mirrored\
	reflection of the other --\
\
	Each jamming their gun tight to the other's head.\
\
	They freeze in a kind of embrace; Neo sweating, panting,\
	Agent Smith machine-calm.\
\
	Agent Smith smiles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You're empty.\
\
	Neo pulls the TRIGGER.  CLICK.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			So are you.\
\
	The smile falls.  Agent Smith yanks his TRIGGER.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	CLICK.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Smith's face warps with rage and he attacks, fist\
	flying at furious speed, blows and counters, Neo\
	retreating as --\
\
	A knife-hand opens his forearm, and a kick sends him\
	slamming back against a steel column.\
\
	Stunned, he ducks just under a punch that crunches into\
	the beam, STEEL CHUNKS EXPLODING like shrapnel.\
\
	Behind him, Neo leaps into the air, delivering a neck-\
	snapping reverse round-house.  Agent Smith's glasses fly\
	off and he glares at Neo; his eyes, ice blue.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You can't win.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I already have.\
\
	He attacks with a vicious series of blows but the Agent\
	seems to absorb them, waiting for his opening.\
\
	And this time Agent Smith's attack is too much, an\
	unrelenting fury, fists pounding like jackhammers.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Trinity watches Neo as his body jerks, mouth coughing\
	blood, his life signs going wild.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Jesus, he's killing him!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  "EL" STATION (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Smith grabs hold of him, lifting him into the air,\
	hurling him against the curved wall of the train tunnel,\
	where he falls inches from the electrified third-rail.\
\
	The Agent is about to jump down, and press his attack\
	when he hears sonething.  From deep in the tunnel, like\
	an animal cry; a burst of high-speed METAL GRINDING\
	against METAL.\
\
	The sound of an ON-COMING TRAIN.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Tank is trying to find another entrance.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Send me back, Tank!  Anywhere!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'm looking, Trinity!  I'm\
			looking!\
\
	From the cockpit, an ALARM sounds.  Morpheus hurries to\
	the front console, typing, bringing up the radar.\
\
	Trinity follows him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What is it... oh no.\
\
	In every pipe surrounding them, they see the\
	Extermination Unit.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Sentinels.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  SEWER MAIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The killing machine we saw in the History Program blister\
	by us like tracer bullets shot down the throat of the\
	abyss.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  "EL" STATION (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo tries to get up.  Agent Smith jumps down onto the\
	tracks and drop-kicks him in the face.\
\
	The world begins to shake, RUMBLING as the TRAIN NEARS.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do you hear that, Mr. Anderson?\
\
	Agent Smith grabs Neo in a choke-hold, forcing him to\
	look down the tracks, the train's headlight burning a\
	hole in the darkness.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			That is the sound of\
			inevitability.\
\
	Neo sees it coming and he starts to fight.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			It is the sound of your death.\
\
	There is another METAL SCREECH, MUCH LOUDER, closer, as\
	Agent Smith tightens his hold.  Neo is unable to breathe.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Goodbye, Mr. Anderson.\
\
	The TRAIN ROARS at them, swallowing Agent Smith's words.\
\
	The veins bulge in Neo's head, as he grits through the\
	pain.\
\
	He is not ready to die.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			My name is Neo.\
\
	Impossibly, he hurls himself straight up, smashing Smith\
	against the concrete ceiling of the tunnel.\
\
	They fall as the sound and fury of the TRAIN EXPLODES\
	INTO the station.\
\
	Neo back-flips up off the tracks just as --\
\
	The train barrels over Agent Smith.\
\
	Neo stands, knees shaking, when the train slams on its\
	emergency brake.  With an ear-splitting SHRIEK of\
	TORTURED RAILS, the train slows, part of it still in the\
	station.\
\
	Neo turns, limping, starting to run, racing for the\
	escalator --\
\
	As the train comes to a stop and the doors of the last\
	car open; Agent Smith bursts out in furious pursuit, his\
	glasses again intact.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Morpheus checks the ship's self destruct key.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You can't use that until Neo is\
			out!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I know.  Don't worry, he'll make\
			it.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  CITY STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	A man sits in his Mercedes, talking on his car phone when\
	his door is thrown open.  Neo yanks him out and jumps in.\
\
	Further down the street, Agent Smith slows, calmly\
	touching his ear-piece.\
\
	Neo throws the car across traffic, rocketing down a side-\
	street.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  CAR (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Driving like a demon with one hand, he grabs the car\
	phone and dials long distance.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Tank answers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Operator.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Mr. Wizard, Get me the fuck out\
			of here!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  CAR (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Looking over his shoulder, watching the mirrors, Neo\
	drives almost unconsciously.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hurry, Tank!  I got some serious\
			pursuit!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The keyboard clicking, Tank searches for an exit.\
	Trinity screams into the headset.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Neo, you better get your ass back\
			here!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  CAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'm trying, Trinity.  I'm trying.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I got one!\
\
	Neo glances to his right and sees Agent Brown, now\
	driving the car beside his.  Agent Brown swerves,\
	slamming into him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Wabash and Lake.  A hotel.\
\
	Neo fights the steering wheel as Agent Brown pushes the\
	car up over the median.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Room 303.\
\
	Neo drops the phone as his car bucks into the opposing\
	lane --\
\
	Directly into the charging path of an enormous truck\
	driven by Agent Smith.\
\
	Neo dives from the Mercedes as the truck plows into it,\
	rending metal and GLASS, crushing through, totaling other\
	cars, as it EXPLODES.\
\
	Neo is up and running even as orange and black clouds\
	billow up behind hin.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  CITY STREET (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Three figures silhouette by the burning wreckage become\
	the three agents.\
\
	Further down the street, Neo hauls his broken, bleeding\
	ass.\
\
	Agents Brown and Smith slow, touching their ear-pieces as\
	Agent Jones continues chasing full-bore.\
\
	Neo spins around a corner, racing toward a hotel called:\
	the Heart of Chicago Hotel.\
\
	Only Agent Jones is behind him now.\
\
	Neo dives into the alley.  At the far end he sees Agent\
	Brown charging.  Neo leaps for the fire escape and begins\
	to climb.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  SEWER MAIN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Sentinels open and shift like killer kaleidoscopes as\
	they ready their weapons, swarming around the\
	Nebuchadnezzar.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The hovercraft booms as machines drop onto it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I'm going to make the call.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Do it!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  "HEART OF CHICAGO" HOTEL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Snith is in the elevator when he hears the DISTANT\
	RING of a PHONE.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	EXT.  ALLEY (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The agents chase him, FIRING, BULLETS SPARKING and\
	RICOCHETING even as Neo jumps for the third-floor\
	platform.\
\
	Neo kicks in the window, jumping into the hall.  The\
	doors count backwards:  310...  309...\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Morpheus grabs the biggest gun he can find.  The lasers\
	begin to slice through the hull.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Where is he?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TANK\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Almost there.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MORPHEUS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He's going to make it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hurry, Neo.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo can hear the PHONE RINGING.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	305...  304...\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Agent Brown reaches the broken window behind him just as\
	Neo grabs the handle of 303, throwing open the door to\
	find --\
\
	Agent Sniith, waiting, .45 cocked.\
\
	Neo can't move -- can't think --\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	BOOM.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo's body jerks, and everyone hears it as the life\
	monitors snap flat-line.\
\
	Trinity screams.  Morpheus is frozen in disbelief.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Three holes in his chest, Neo falls to the blue shag\
	carpeting, blood smearing down the wallpaper.\
\
	Agent Smith stands over him, still aiming, taking no\
	chances.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Check him.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Through the lasered opening, Morpheus screams, blasting\
	away at the machines; comet-wads of plasma burning holes\
	in their armored housings.\
\
	Trinity collapses onto Neo's body.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			No-no-no!  Neo, you're not dead!\
			You can't be dead!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Kneeling beside him, Agent Brown checks his vital signs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT BROWN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			He's gone.\
\
	Agent Smith smiles, standing over him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I told you, you couldn't win.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Tank is hit, a laser bolt knocking him to the ground.\
	They can't hold them off any longer.  Morpheus lunges for\
	the self destruct --\
\
	As Trinity whispers in Neo's ear.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			You're right here.  I'm holding \
			you, Neo.  I'm not letting you go.\
			Do you hear me?  I won't let you\
			go.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The agents walk to the elevator, leaving Neo's body\
	behind.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Morpheus flicks the Plexiglas shield of the self-\
	destruct.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Goddamnit, Neo!  Don't give it up!\
			Not now!\
\
	She pounds on his chest.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Not now!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOTEL HALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	The BLOW ECHOES deep in his mind.\
\
	His eyes snap open.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Trinity screams as the monitors jump back to life.  Tank\
	and Morpheus stare, unbelieving.\
\
	It is a miracle.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Now get up!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HALL (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo struggles, holding his chest, sitting up.  Down the\
	hall, he sees the elevator closing and --\
\
	Agent Smith staring at him as if he were looking at a\
	Cypher.\
\
	Neo gives him the finger.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					AGENT SMITH\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Nooooo!\
\
	Agent Smith pounds on the elevator door.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	A sentinel BLOWS a hole in Morpheus' right arm and he\
	screams, refusing to let go of the detonator.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  ROOM 303 (MATRIX) - DAY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Neo dives for the RINGING PHONE.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	Machines split open the craft, pouring in, lasers\
	targeting everywhere.\
\
	A beat finds the center of Morpheus' forehead and he\
	screams, ready to die.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Now!\
\
	He turns the key.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  OVERFLOW PIT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	A blinding shock of white lights flood the chamber;\
	sentinels blink and fall instantly dead, filling the pit\
	with their cold, metal carcasses.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	INT.  HOVERCRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	In the still darkness, only the humans are alive.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					TRINITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Neo?\
\
	His eyes open.  Tears pour from her smiling eyes as he\
	reaches up to touch her.\
\
	And she kisses hin; it seems like it might last forever.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 									FADE TO BLACK.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	FADE IN:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 	ON COMPUTER SCREEN\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	as in the opening.  The cursor beating steadily, waiting.\
\
	A PHONE begins to RING.\
\
	It is answered and the screen fills instantly with the\
	trace program.  After a long beat, we recognize Neo's\
	voice.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Hi.  It's me.  I know you're out\
			there.  I know you're working as\
			fast as you can to catch me.\
\
	We CLOSE IN ON the racing columns of numbers shimmering\
	across the screen.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I thought I should call and let\
			you know how things stand.\
\
	We DIVE THROUGH the numbers, surging UP THROUGH the\
	darkness, sucked TOWARDS a tight constellation of stars.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I know you're real proud of this\
			world you've built, the way it\
			works, all the nice little rules\
			and such, but I've got some bad\
			news.\
\
	We realize that the constellation is actually the holes\
	in the mouthpiece of a phone.  Seen from inside.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					NEO (V.O.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			I've decided to make a few\
			changes.\
\
	We SHOOT THROUGH the holes as Neo hangs up the phone.\
\
	He steps out of the phone booth and starts walking,\
	wearing a long black coat and dark glasses.  He passes a\
	mother dragging her little BOY, who cranes his neck as --\
\
	Neo takes off, flying up into the air.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					BOY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Mommy!  Mommy!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOMMY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			What?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					BOY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			That man!  That man flies!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					MOMMY\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 			Don't be silly, honey.  Men don't\
			fly.\
\
	There is a RUSH of AIR as the Boy stares up as Neo shoots\
	overhead.  His coat billowing like a black leather cape\
	as he soars up, up, and away.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 										FADE OUT.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 					THE END
\f1\b0 \
}